# KryptonContextMenuCollectionEditor.KryptonContextMenuCollectionForm.DictItemBase Class


Simple class to reduce the length of declarations!



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
protected class DictItemBase : Dictionary<KryptonContextMenuItemBase, KryptonContextMenuItemBase>
```
**VB**
``` VB
Protected Class DictItemBase
	Inherits Dictionary(Of KryptonContextMenuItemBase, KryptonContextMenuItemBase)
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  Dictionary(<a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>, <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)  →  KryptonContextMenuCollectionEditor.KryptonContextMenuCollectionForm.DictItemBase</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="5f4c3b18-d217-41ed-7347-4a8939a2edfc.md">KryptonContextMenuCollectionEditor.KryptonContextMenuCollectionForm.DictItemBase</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the KryptonContextMenuCollectionEditor.KryptonContextMenuCollectionForm.DictItemBase class</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>Comparer</td>
<td>Gets the IEqualityComparer(T) that is used to determine equality of keys for the dictionary.<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(<a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>, <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Count</td>
<td>Gets the number of key/value pairs contained in the Dictionary(TKey, TValue).<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(<a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>, <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Item</td>
<td>Gets or sets the value associated with the specified key.<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(<a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>, <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Keys</td>
<td>Gets a collection containing the keys in the Dictionary(TKey, TValue).<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(<a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>, <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Values</td>
<td>Gets a collection containing the values in the Dictionary(TKey, TValue).<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(<a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>, <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>))</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Add</td>
<td>Adds the specified key and value to the dictionary.<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(<a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>, <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Clear</td>
<td>Removes all keys and values from the Dictionary(TKey, TValue).<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(<a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>, <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsKey</td>
<td>Determines whether the Dictionary(TKey, TValue) contains the specified key.<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(<a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>, <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsValue</td>
<td>Determines whether the Dictionary(TKey, TValue) contains a specific value.<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(<a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>, <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetEnumerator</td>
<td>Returns an enumerator that iterates through the Dictionary(TKey, TValue).<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(<a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>, <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetObjectData</td>
<td>Implements the ISerializable interface and returns the data needed to serialize the Dictionary(TKey, TValue) instance.<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(<a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>, <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDeserialization</td>
<td>Implements the ISerializable interface and raises the deserialization event when the deserialization is complete.<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(<a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>, <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Remove</td>
<td>Removes the value with the specified key from the Dictionary(TKey, TValue).<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(<a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>, <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TryGetValue</td>
<td>Gets the value associated with the specified key.<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(<a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>, <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>))</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
