# PaletteButtonSpecStyleStrings Class


Exposes the set of PaletteButtonSpecStyleConverter strings used within Krypton and that are localizable.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
[TypeConverterAttribute(typeof(ExpandableObjectConverter))]
public class PaletteButtonSpecStyleStrings : GlobalId
```
**VB**
``` VB
<TypeConverterAttribute(GetType(ExpandableObjectConverter))>
Public Class PaletteButtonSpecStyleStrings
	Inherits GlobalId
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  PaletteButtonSpecStyleStrings</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="8f830455-8df0-63e7-5d49-44d994057d46.md">PaletteButtonSpecStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the PaletteButtonSpecStyleStrings class</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="088e9fe5-2a71-c170-af8f-7704b8f530f3.md">ArrowDown</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the arrow down palette button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c8d68a0b-bf60-91e0-3ed5-19a8f2a43852.md">ArrowLeft</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the arrow left palette button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f5669ca3-f0c0-65ce-9053-505d34c2ef74.md">ArrowRight</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the arrow right palette button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="794949be-9b71-5ea9-b692-c8d0ce131e5e.md">ArrowUp</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the arrow up palette button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4ff9d6e6-d9d4-2aad-36d1-1991ea141bbf.md">Close</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the close palette button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="336937e3-bbd4-8ebd-19b3-0db35a62ffdc.md">Context</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the context palette button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9eef0dbd-d821-c789-ec9a-9fcb812f9b34.md">DropDown</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the drop down palette button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ca6dd11a-0bc5-cdba-8211-2fe49d7df181.md">FormClose</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the form close palette button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="24153cf4-3fd1-01d5-38b8-fd0e95b47a69.md">FormHelp</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the form help palette button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="019f6f5f-1ed2-29c1-d1c1-675dfd51a3a2.md">FormMaximise</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the form maximise palette button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bfb42af3-97d4-9d23-a7be-5f1b40df62a3.md">FormMinimise</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the form minimise palette button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="886920d0-0d41-9bf8-0476-cbf772935192.md">FormRestore</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the form restore palette button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e8e22e94-a2bd-3ca4-9129-f6c42f735aba.md">Generic</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the generic palette button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8718ad39-dc16-da4e-4046-b11562078334.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b3483d8e-5b2b-330b-a4ff-6ae158e6759f.md">Next</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the next palette button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="13882f4d-7e97-ff8c-77cd-045743c7d31c.md">PendantClose</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the pendant close palette button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cbbd345c-2466-9d75-bd89-047235dafae2.md">PendantMinimise</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the pendant minimise palette button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ce5d2244-b72d-c29c-5f84-db9047d3d77b.md">PendantRestore</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the pendant restore palette button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19b08895-e334-792e-e0a4-289edd06f858.md">PinHorizontal</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the pin horizontal palette button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="053c879f-3f6b-b7c6-3cc5-659ad8136d53.md">PinVertical</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the pin vertical palette button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="deec63d6-6e1d-91d2-83e0-2ad8c8274283.md">Previous</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the previous palette button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b36e8e31-5e11-aa00-3c51-46ea18cf6cb4.md">RibbonExpand</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the ribbon expand palette button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bd1796d2-6119-658a-1979-d0d894ae4332.md">RibbonMinimise</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the ribbon minimise palette button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="08a5dd74-f9bc-6705-f8e4-99b20299fb86.md">WorkspaceMaximise</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the workspace maximise palette button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5014c471-4179-1037-4c8e-fb76bb2aa66e.md">WorkspaceRestore</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the workspace restore palette button spec style string.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6c36221b-6296-1474-9c8f-77ce7ab8e599.md">Reset</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3b4b05f7-a4b1-7f70-639d-72897ac91091.md">ToString</a></td>
<td><br />(Overrides Object.ToString())</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
