# ButtonSpecViewRibbon Class


Create and manage the view for a ribbon specific ButtonSpec definition.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Ribbon (in Krypton.Ribbon.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class ButtonSpecViewRibbon : ButtonSpecView
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class ButtonSpecViewRibbon
	Inherits ButtonSpecView
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="9a222c32-a4d2-48e6-a2be-4422a28fac88.md">ButtonSpecView</a>  →  ButtonSpecViewRibbon</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="2be16107-d73a-a21b-7060-9a1cfa9c3eeb.md">ButtonSpecViewRibbon</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the ButtonSpecViewRibbon class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="96795248-8b82-8d95-ba28-ed7aa6b88e84.md">ButtonSpec</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the monitored button spec<br />(Inherited from <a href="9a222c32-a4d2-48e6-a2be-4422a28fac88.md">ButtonSpecView</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="85e662ff-5093-bc82-cd48-fabb65031a6f.md">DrawButtonSpecOnComposition</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the composition setting for the button.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9a222c32-a4d2-48e6-a2be-4422a28fac88.md">ButtonSpecView</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="681bde35-4a83-7eaa-5ac0-1a1ee48bb1dd.md">Manager</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the owning manager.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9a222c32-a4d2-48e6-a2be-4422a28fac88.md">ButtonSpecView</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="574db83c-4c2c-5904-2500-19726cf5612e.md">RemapPalette</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the remapping palette.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9a222c32-a4d2-48e6-a2be-4422a28fac88.md">ButtonSpecView</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c1817062-198f-7c5c-ff74-036c7a136685.md">ViewButton</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the view centering that contains the button.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9a222c32-a4d2-48e6-a2be-4422a28fac88.md">ButtonSpecView</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bd856c53-dbe8-34b5-3b43-5eaf8e06860b.md">ViewCenter</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the view centering that contains the button.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9a222c32-a4d2-48e6-a2be-4422a28fac88.md">ButtonSpecView</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0a25edb-8e0c-2673-2d2f-a93c67987258.md">CreateController</a></td>
<td>Create a button controller for the view.<br />(Overrides <a href="53b0898d-8a32-b6bb-f5ec-f2ac947ce8d9.md">ButtonSpecView.CreateController(ViewDrawButton, NeedPaintHandler, MouseEventHandler)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="42f640e9-246b-5593-a0b7-311a3e3b2000.md">Destruct</a></td>
<td>Destruct the previously created views.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9a222c32-a4d2-48e6-a2be-4422a28fac88.md">ButtonSpecView</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="462c7939-192b-9400-21b0-ea99c9b4f604.md">GetImage</a></td>
<td>Gets the content image.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9a222c32-a4d2-48e6-a2be-4422a28fac88.md">ButtonSpecView</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1d491b7b-3839-db5a-a24a-1c32114e588e.md">GetImageTransparentColor</a></td>
<td>Gets the content image transparent color.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9a222c32-a4d2-48e6-a2be-4422a28fac88.md">ButtonSpecView</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="13a66607-8dd4-48b4-b7b1-5f8f7d6accbd.md">GetLongText</a></td>
<td>Gets the content long text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9a222c32-a4d2-48e6-a2be-4422a28fac88.md">ButtonSpecView</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a7f94552-b82e-e98a-3576-af38810d711d.md">GetShortText</a></td>
<td>Gets the content short text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9a222c32-a4d2-48e6-a2be-4422a28fac88.md">ButtonSpecView</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cd521388-47b9-f0f4-4e1d-f88018d02e4e.md">OnFinishDelegate(Object, EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Processes the finish of the button being pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="447c776d-86b0-0c4d-1807-6520fea45580.md">OnFinishDelegate(Object, EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Processes the finish of the button being pressed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9a222c32-a4d2-48e6-a2be-4422a28fac88.md">ButtonSpecView</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a05207b5-add3-d2c5-c5c2-095be9638bb6.md">PerformNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Requests a repaint and optional layout be performed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9a222c32-a4d2-48e6-a2be-4422a28fac88.md">ButtonSpecView</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="79fe060b-7d8f-6747-6f66-7924e65bbcc4.md">UpdateButtonStyle</a></td>
<td>Update the button style to reflect new button style setting.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9a222c32-a4d2-48e6-a2be-4422a28fac88.md">ButtonSpecView</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="59e47cc2-959b-7835-9e9d-c8d99dc5ef4e.md">UpdateChecked</a></td>
<td>Update view button to reflect new button checked setting.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9a222c32-a4d2-48e6-a2be-4422a28fac88.md">ButtonSpecView</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="91c13736-24f0-a356-6bdf-905a6128e194.md">UpdateEnabled</a></td>
<td>Update view button to reflect new button enabled setting.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9a222c32-a4d2-48e6-a2be-4422a28fac88.md">ButtonSpecView</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4a1d1887-a0a7-4742-3842-7de0b98c6994.md">UpdateShowDrop</a></td>
<td>Update view button to reflect new button DropDown drawing/detection setting.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9a222c32-a4d2-48e6-a2be-4422a28fac88.md">ButtonSpecView</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c52e8796-38cf-982a-5c59-7131110634b9.md">UpdateVisible</a></td>
<td>Update view button to reflect new button visible setting.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9a222c32-a4d2-48e6-a2be-4422a28fac88.md">ButtonSpecView</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon Namespace</a>  
