# KryptonColorDialog Class


Represents a common dialog box that displays colours that are currently installed on the system.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonColorDialog : ColorDialog
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonColorDialog
	Inherits ColorDialog
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  CommonDialog  →  ColorDialog  →  KryptonColorDialog</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="64e53491-5320-76af-34c0-dbaf6aad2e0a.md">KryptonColorDialog</a></td>
<td>Represents a common dialog box that displays colours that are currently installed on the system.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AllowFullOpen</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can use the dialog box to define custom colors.<br />(Inherited from ColorDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AnyColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the dialog box displays all available colors in the set of basic colors.<br />(Inherited from ColorDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the component can raise an event.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5ffd157b-ddb1-660d-f0c9-72382d679a60.md">Color</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the color selected by the user.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CustomColors</td>
<td>Gets or sets the set of custom colors shown in the dialog box.<br />(Inherited from ColorDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FullOpen</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the controls used to create custom colors are visible when the dialog box is opened.<br />(Inherited from ColorDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="86aa0fa8-7718-1284-5dfb-a4172d815c73.md">Icon</a></td>
<td>Changes the default Icon to Developer set</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Instance</td>
<td>Gets the underlying window instance handle (HINSTANCE).<br />(Inherited from ColorDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Options</td>
<td>Gets values to initialize the ColorDialog.<br />(Inherited from ColorDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a66aefce-28e7-6324-9d8c-eae42ca6a358.md">ShowAlphaSlider</a></td>
<td>Allows an alpha slider to be displayed</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowHelp</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether a Help button appears in the color dialog box.<br />(Inherited from ColorDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4a6e9292-16d7-4099-7f51-17d16a87c5d0.md">ShowIcon</a></td>
<td>Changes the default Icon to Developer set</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ISite of the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SolidColorOnly</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the dialog box will restrict users to selecting solid colors only.<br />(Inherited from ColorDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets an object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from CommonDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cb0ac541-e2b2-79f2-907a-f396e9f00963.md">Title</a></td>
<td>Changes the title of the common Colour Dialog</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="80ddb89f-aa6f-e49b-f1ed-d54eedc2e3aa.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Overrides Component.Dispose(Boolean))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a74c4d13-4949-3502-16a6-18c6d55ec347.md">HookProc</a></td>
<td>Defines the common dialog box hook procedure that is overridden to add specific functionality to a common dialog box.<br />(Overrides CommonDialog.HookProc(IntPtr, Int32, IntPtr, IntPtr))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHelpRequest</td>
<td>Raises the HelpRequest event.<br />(Inherited from CommonDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OwnerWndProc</td>
<td>Defines the owner window procedure that is overridden to add specific functionality to a common dialog box.<br />(Inherited from CommonDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Reset</td>
<td>Resets all options to their default values, the last selected color to black, and the custom colors to their default values.<br />(Inherited from ColorDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RunDialog</td>
<td>When overridden in a derived class, specifies a common dialog box.<br />(Inherited from ColorDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowDialog()</td>
<td>Runs a common dialog box with a default owner.<br />(Inherited from CommonDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowDialog(IWin32Window)</td>
<td>Runs a common dialog box with the specified owner.<br />(Inherited from CommonDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the ColorDialog.<br />(Inherited from ColorDialog)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HelpRequest</td>
<td>Occurs when the user clicks the Help button on a common dialog box.<br />(Inherited from CommonDialog)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
