# KryptonRibbonGroupNumericUpDown Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7ec280be-41a7-9f0f-188a-b03a57073bfe.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Clean up any resources being used.<br />(Overrides Component.Dispose(Boolean))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="74f0ed78-3034-677c-ef1c-221d0f7d4eb8.md">Hide</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon group numeric up-down hidden.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c5224a18-895a-82c9-9bc7-d53420a1f71c.md">OnGotFocus</a></td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cba45e87-ea82-8e41-de34-1fa9a3d4fcf8.md">OnKeyDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyDown event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7e6bdcb7-b946-0b60-32c3-8b18bfb43b5d.md">OnKeyPress</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyPress event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9f739192-1b96-63cf-5230-35f31ae824a0.md">OnKeyUp</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyUp event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1d09aab8-c0e5-d66e-5344-0c7671800a53.md">OnLostFocus</a></td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8fddcc40-000c-c4d9-dee7-0bec53ea779d.md">OnPreviewKeyDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the PreviewKeyDown event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="15e736c4-4c4b-979f-8358-d1d26bfa1316.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="506b8046-2e21-d759-32a6-f2d8fb508e79.md">OnValueChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the ValueChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c39fa76b-2124-5483-c093-02ee0a208d19.md">ResetShortcutKeys</a></td>
<td>Resets the ShortcutKeys property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4c31e104-2033-89a2-6523-f8f6d16791ca.md">ResetToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipValues property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2d071654-7e2b-71e4-74e8-14c8bdeaf1a0.md">Select</a></td>
<td>Selects a range of text in the control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="79ea06b1-f5ba-27b7-600d-d1e37e421834.md">Show</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon group numeric up-down visible.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="62b43cd2-3b5e-5ae9-5743-8f25eb278b4f.md">KryptonRibbonGroupNumericUpDown Class</a>  
<a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon Namespace</a>  
