# KryptonRibbonGroupCheckBox Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="df4c83a3-1fe5-f00a-2b76-a50fffb9ac84.md">Hide</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon group hidden.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="60e17bc7-9edb-361d-e394-d07cd9164175.md">OnCheckedChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the CheckedChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="961516c1-6c5b-ed39-761f-f4b8760fd227.md">OnCheckStateChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the CheckStateChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1d56585d-eafc-91c4-66e0-ff69e3178f8b.md">OnClick</a></td>
<td>Raises the Click event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="efd23c17-d4e0-2b42-a62f-c12bc1b15084.md">OnCommandPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Handles a change in the property of an attached command.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="630d1a4d-95fc-d8f2-b18f-41b9c694fcd6.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b4ad852f-1d38-115e-d86c-98761854aa34.md">PerformClick()</a></td>
<td>Generates a Click event for a check box.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="334b997f-3965-3251-b67e-b2d1c6087242.md">PerformClick(EventHandler)</a></td>
<td>Generates a Click event for a check box.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="37752af7-53d3-0ae6-9aa1-b23d5d443fa9.md">ResetShortcutKeys</a></td>
<td>Resets the ShortcutKeys property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4c31e104-2033-89a2-6523-f8f6d16791ca.md">ResetToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipValues property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8a138060-eb84-3268-df6d-bad8b157dbc9.md">Show</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon group visible.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="ab08bed7-8e75-e4fd-23c4-b34547202092.md">KryptonRibbonGroupCheckBox Class</a>  
<a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon Namespace</a>  
