# KryptonDockableWorkspace Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9f73d3a7-f23d-dd26-a441-8d6d3e525b12.md">ActiveCell</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the active cell.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ActiveControl</td>
<td>Gets or sets the active control on the container control.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8477e965-94c8-b1f6-ef94-d9b7d56a28cd.md">ActivePage</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the active page.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dff1248c-e495-92f9-b465-4fedd7e9f261.md">AllowDrop</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can accept data that the user drags onto it.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="44c09073-0a00-f0fb-d5cd-37f0b74293ea.md">AllowPageDrag</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the default setting for allowing the dragging of cells.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1638e8c2-28ec-c4bd-1be9-533c5720959f.md">AllowResizing</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the user can use separators to resize workspace items.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Anchor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the edges of the container to which a control is bound and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a62c66b5-dcc1-48dc-cd59-3f05851ba953.md">ApplyDockingAppearance</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if docking specific appearance should be applied.<br />(Overrides <a href="0bc554c6-1af0-82ca-e288-47bf9c0da2cf.md">KryptonSpace.ApplyDockingAppearance</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b6f648a7-3824-f7fa-6a96-c481c9b5265f.md">ApplyDockingCloseAction</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if docking specific close action should be applied.<br />(Overrides <a href="53937b09-3946-fd5a-aac3-641c0ca10978.md">KryptonSpace.ApplyDockingCloseAction</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b88dc6c5-4d38-7424-5156-18ed5eea50c3.md">ApplyDockingDropDownAction</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if docking specific drop down actions should be applied.<br />(Overrides <a href="ce292a45-1fc9-8527-42da-f60e33b20771.md">KryptonSpace.ApplyDockingDropDownAction</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="087dd218-303f-2d2d-4f21-61f04e592364.md">ApplyDockingPinAction</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if docking specific pin actions should be applied.<br />(Overrides <a href="8df068b0-6347-a668-e6dc-a881d9cc52e9.md">KryptonSpace.ApplyDockingPinAction</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="05056f3d-168b-c986-afae-63c512bb3593.md">ApplyDockingVisibility</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if docking specific visible changes should be applied.<br />(Inherited from <a href="638b8f4c-3645-edb8-b3d5-7598ea376868.md">KryptonSpace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="15714f9a-5f74-aaf2-2780-8320108e369e.md">AutoHiddenHost</a></td>
<td>Gets the button spec type for the pin button.<br />(Inherited from <a href="638b8f4c-3645-edb8-b3d5-7598ea376868.md">KryptonSpace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScaleDimensions</td>
<td>Gets or sets the dimensions that the control was designed to.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScaleFactor</td>
<td>Gets the scaling factor between the current and design-time automatic scaling dimensions.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScaleMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the automatic scaling mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScroll</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the container enables the user to scroll to any controls placed outside of its visible boundaries.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollMargin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size of the auto-scroll margin.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollMinSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the minimum size of the auto-scroll.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollPosition</td>
<td>Gets or sets the location of the auto-scroll position.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="be76e4db-20b4-62e4-eae2-d07505533552.md">AutoSize</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is automatically resized to display its entire contents.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3d477498-82ae-d761-15da-9b627bde30b4.md">BackgroundImage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="de97fb9c-e4e2-8a14-52d1-1ca3d1d0862f.md">BackgroundImageLayout</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image layout.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="edb2626b-71e0-54b0-d165-9e3733f87842.md">CellCount</a></td>
<td>Gets the number of of defined cells in the workspace hierarchy.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d6e47a56-80f1-7922-6529-2aac8ea3df75.md">CellVisibleCount</a></td>
<td>Gets the number of of defined visible cells in the workspace hierarchy.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8142220a-4648-2904-92c0-c92cf755eb67.md">CloseTooltip</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the tooltip used for the close button.<br />(Inherited from <a href="638b8f4c-3645-edb8-b3d5-7598ea376868.md">KryptonSpace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1d7899e3-924e-7b21-4a24-411a1eb57161.md">CompactFlags</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the compacting options to be applied.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e2dd508a-095b-2660-df69-edffb646d593.md">ContainerBackStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the container background style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="62087066-9ebd-95fc-7778-636e4ae5216d.md">ContextMenus</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the properties for managing the workspace context menus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="42bd69d6-9dc5-3f2d-a953-d77e9325d1bd.md">ContextMenuStrip</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the ContextMenuStrip associated with this control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="143e082d-5622-07b9-b9d5-4f26f8e18479.md">Controls</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateParams</td>
<td>Gets the required creation parameters when the control handle is created.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CurrentAutoScaleDimensions</td>
<td>Gets the current run-time dimensions of the screen.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8fa17cea-423f-bcd3-b75b-d773920381cc.md">DefaultSize</a></td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the virtual display area of the control.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dock</td>
<td>Gets or sets which control borders are docked to its parent control and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8f35bb8c-6f2e-1beb-73ae-7d0697f3bd8f.md">DragPageNotify</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the interface for receiving page drag notifications.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2c64d8ae-1de1-4a71-d248-bc53254ba655.md">DropDownTooltip</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the tooltips used for the drop down button.<br />(Inherited from <a href="638b8f4c-3645-edb8-b3d5-7598ea376868.md">KryptonSpace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e95f110b-9624-f78a-b08f-c3ffc624c02b.md">EvalInvokePaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to use Invoke to force a repaint.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focused</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HorizontalScroll</td>
<td>Gets the characteristics associated with the horizontal scroll bar.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HScroll</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the horizontal scroll bar is visible.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="18d7fe53-e581-261d-43c8-48e405cb1780.md">MaximizedCell</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the cell to maximize inside the client area.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the upper limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the lower limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="595872a7-1808-9d9c-b471-1c805b402b21.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9e318653-5232-6c10-7156-7175e725a06e.md">NeedPaintPaletteDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint palette delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="74f2c51e-855d-eeed-6607-808f95c920c2.md">NeedTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if transparent paint is needed<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets padding within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="232210ec-8485-592f-f20f-09109be49189.md">PageCount</a></td>
<td>Gets the number of of defined pages in the workspace hierarchy.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0940324a-2bcb-78a9-fb43-ac1a0733067c.md">PageVisibleCount</a></td>
<td>Gets the number of of defined visible pages in the workspace hierarchy.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="793993e7-5768-2506-0b56-5fb366093037.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5be9f35f-1edb-f998-6ea6-6b937a537999.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ParentForm</td>
<td>Gets the form that the container control is assigned to.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="156c34a1-aa7d-0d66-8692-438376cf1348.md">PinTooltip</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the tooltip used for the pin button.<br />(Inherited from <a href="638b8f4c-3645-edb8-b3d5-7598ea376868.md">KryptonSpace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0623e0e9-ba59-af6e-da77-f76843126d6d.md">Redirector</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the palette redirector.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3a3f570c-98ef-45d9-b1e9-cc1bcd327291.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="135523ff-b2b7-ce9e-a2d0-ab841d5437b5.md">Root</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the root sequence.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cc0545af-7ed5-c3e8-fd43-35ec124e07a0.md">SeparatorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the separator style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e791373f-fc65-c43b-eb45-9fcfabded4a2.md">ShowMaximizeButton</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets if the maximized/restore button is Displayed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0e220e21-1add-d4a2-80d6-3ac6192bf658.md">SplitterWidth</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the thickness of the splitters.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="67e377e8-f581-6ace-71be-e23fb49ce5d8.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common split container appearance that other states can override.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1cd269e8-6d46-1783-7432-38b13911e56c.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled split container appearance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4967ec10-e8fb-c6e6-75d1-5792e94a9d5f.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal split container appearance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="391cbac5-059b-7561-9c8f-89c33b1bda06.md">StatePressed</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the pressed separator appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fe1bf117-ec15-84f4-5f6f-e5acc10792b9.md">StateTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the hot tracking separator appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cfb05f21-dc34-966b-162d-2b1ed131b855.md">TabStop</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can give the focus to this control using the TAB key.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c102e750-80f7-ee93-9d00-e54a6ce872ea.md">TransparentParent</a></td>
<td>Gets the control reference that is the parent for transparent drawing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VerticalScroll</td>
<td>Gets the characteristics associated with the vertical scroll bar.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dea9e695-d34b-51ed-2b11-7f3830e554db.md">ViewManager</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ViewManager instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VScroll</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the vertical scroll bar is visible.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="15018b77-804e-6e51-4b3e-6f608c90d147.md">KryptonDockableWorkspace Class</a>  
<a href="98399376-cf41-9454-4b4d-4fab2ca20bc7.md">Krypton.Docking Namespace</a>  
