# PaletteBorderEdge Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="51ff5a0e-3612-7d5d-0be0-053f841406c4.md">GetBackColor1</a></td>
<td>Gets the first background color.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6dec28b1-06c3-dfdd-d11d-cae9d11dc5ec.md">GetBackColor2</a></td>
<td>Gets the second back color.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6f31eaa4-5a54-422e-6c44-50cbcff935b4.md">GetBackColorAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the color alignment style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="84c057cb-d995-1366-9dcd-ba68a3647338.md">GetBackColorAngle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color background angle.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="96afe8d3-f3b1-c0d6-c5ac-7a29a25de010.md">GetBackColorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color drawing style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f9354e83-8702-7ca6-9c7d-698352ce7435.md">GetBackDraw</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual background draw value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0d0f1019-14b2-0508-bb5e-b02efd62e944.md">GetBackGraphicsHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual background graphics hint value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1a746047-cbb3-3f3d-f1a8-ff71a92c3c3e.md">GetBackImage</a></td>
<td>Gets a background image.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a6bd496e-1e26-7df1-66d6-c600d7b26e3b.md">GetBackImageAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the image alignment style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="35302cfe-e09c-0bfb-4f7a-3d2548e39c27.md">GetBackImageStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background image style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5e785d1d-bb5d-b388-e9e9-35c63480d972.md">GetBorderWidth</a></td>
<td>Gets the border width.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="64ce4f28-dc4c-4a75-6150-b3e62b75a68c.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="65290835-b172-9cf4-3194-1e8c5df93388.md">PopulateFromBase</a></td>
<td>Populate values from the base palette.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a77ac2a1-53ed-f93a-042f-df86b3946671.md">SetInherit</a></td>
<td>Sets the inheritance parent.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="05391e7f-714a-6206-51d4-45aaec6f1e8b.md">PaletteBorderEdge Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
