# KryptonRibbonGroupLabel Class


Represents a ribbon group label.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Ribbon (in Krypton.Ribbon.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonRibbonGroupLabel : KryptonRibbonGroupItem
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonRibbonGroupLabel
	Inherits KryptonRibbonGroupItem
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>  →  KryptonRibbonGroupLabel</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="e3bec806-9d14-4f41-52e6-a5b462caa0ff.md">KryptonRibbonGroupLabel</a></td>
<td>Initialise a new instance of the KryptonRibbonGroupLabel class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="c9f41166-b541-4efc-c022-7bf3fad1b338.md">BindingContext</a></td>
<td><br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the component can raise an event.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302e2c6c-a240-ed7c-5bbf-0db525ef4a32.md">ChainVisible</a></td>
<td>Get a value indicating if all parent containers are visible.<br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="27c19a8c-9d52-40d5-9190-6d7fb79ce391.md">DataBindings</a></td>
<td>Retrieves the bindings for this control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="72d7c697-97e2-b0d9-5db2-436d73406c78.md">Enabled</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the enabled state of the group label.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="763f140d-cc1e-66f1-a364-ca7b62593521.md">ImageLarge</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the large label image.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5b7e65b2-413e-000e-4414-a122d39529a5.md">ImageSmall</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the small label image.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="77ccb9b4-7b40-0ee6-8b59-8b9a7b9ceb63.md">KryptonCommand</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the associated KryptonCommand.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ISite of the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b23146c4-c9a2-cf75-2f29-3f068d4fdd06.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the label text disabled appearance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b5887ecb-9960-2c33-7a02-4de0f74ae364.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the label text normal appearance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8f0958de-84a9-b6c7-700f-32549d83cf88.md">Tag</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets user-defined data associated with the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0648fea6-da13-2302-993a-2c02a369f8c9.md">TextLine1</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the display text line 1 for the label.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="57db9bea-2d66-486e-0d15-5df50beb5b9f.md">TextLine2</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the display text line 2 for the label.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0e2d274a-2c90-0237-cb13-eb4e22f2f62b.md">ToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the Wrapped Controls Tooltips.<br />(Overrides <a href="ab122b1c-b5e5-dfd9-e66a-286ea03ea3cb.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem.ToolTipValues</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="49c8f68e-9a99-f8bf-0848-026abc8a8d87.md">Visible</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the visible state of the label.<br />(Overrides KryptonRibbonGroupItem.Visible)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0335ad93-cb49-a369-c52a-fa38f11f2223.md">Hide</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon group hidden.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c8d68a84-5574-7278-10aa-a21164c3ab31.md">OnCommandPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Handles a change in the property of an attached command.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e7501d69-498d-27d8-ea59-aa42357053c2.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4c31e104-2033-89a2-6523-f8f6d16791ca.md">ResetToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipValues property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="206ffc34-14d2-b7b1-0077-8a197281e550.md">Show</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon group visible.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="563c9a8d-814d-d8bd-9f76-0eb67a791e88.md">PropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs after the value of a property has changed.</td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="2b4a688f-28a6-a1ec-8dcf-1006667ef77f.md">_toolTipValues</a></td>
<td><br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon Namespace</a>  
