# KryptonThemeListBox Class


Allows the user to change themes using a <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonThemeListBox : KryptonListBox
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonThemeListBox
	Inherits KryptonListBox
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  Control  →  <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>  →  <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>  →  KryptonThemeListBox</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="d86d098c-80c4-ef4b-2256-767fc4d5a869.md">KryptonThemeListBox</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the KryptonThemeListBox class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can accept data that the user drags onto it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2deabc35-befa-0929-3a94-ed10ceba2112.md">AlwaysActive</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets Determines if the control is always active or only when the mouse is over the control or has focus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Anchor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the edges of the container to which a control is bound and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1cb9b3f1-d625-1f75-6f48-9cd33918e4c4.md">BackgroundImage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fbcec284-5d61-c094-4119-30a008179f8c.md">BackgroundImageLayout</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image layout.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="98d766a8-8de3-e5bc-b882-428b349c5066.md">BackStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the background style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="af9403bc-adfe-d652-e915-dc3159f7e01d.md">BorderStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e9007532-f2e5-025a-39f1-621e1ab0dffb.md">ContainedControl</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the contained input control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="762a4528-1f36-43c6-29a3-95a52c85f1e8.md">ContextMenuStrip</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the ContextMenuStrip associated with this control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Controls</td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="21861c32-e6fe-aaff-8bdd-a739cec711ef.md">CornerRoundingRadius</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the corner rounding radius.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateParams</td>
<td>Gets the required creation parameters when the control handle is created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9a78f71a-e6c8-80e9-0839-d6ffeccfad41.md">DataSource</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the list that this control will use to gets its items.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fa865b04-adbe-86fe-b040-1a48a36cb99c.md">DefaultSize</a></td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d1cca7fd-7b0c-7deb-a1aa-a6f251b492b2.md">DisplayMember</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the property to display for the items in this control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the display area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dock</td>
<td>Gets or sets which control borders are docked to its parent control and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f77f144-461b-e0c7-d404-e98cb632abe2.md">EvalInvokePaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to use Invoke to force a repaint.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focused</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="04378bea-bd9f-f7ea-d511-8685a17c6236.md">FormatString</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the format specifier characters that indicate how a value is to be Displayed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d2643381-30b7-0c1d-ac18-c481e8a76b69.md">FormattingEnabled</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets if this property is true, the value of FormatString is used to convert the value of DisplayMember into a value that can be Displayed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9e41e430-9991-ed7b-c21a-9bd74819b962.md">HorizontalExtent</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the width by which the horizontal scroll bar of a KryptonListBox can scroll.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0e4d1fb-c7e2-ed43-6e83-f683f9caca3e.md">HorizontalScrollbar</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether a horizontal scroll bar is Displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="54389739-3ec4-ee7a-b43d-d7186e7e65eb.md">ItemCornerRoundingRadius</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the item corner rounding radius.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ef6a9dbd-308e-8854-5c64-5cf99a0380f9.md">Items</a></td>
<td>Gets the items of the KryptonListBox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5bc28824-8018-7e63-8c8b-e2788a093d54.md">ItemStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the item style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19e559e5-49d6-6837-1d3e-bd30310c9e4b.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the KryptonContextMenu to show when right clicked.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9efead5c-425c-48ea-a589-df9996ca19fe.md">KryptonCustomPalette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ThemeSelectedIndex.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9c0c3110-c603-387f-b561-e065578f3d05.md">ListBox</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the contained ListBox instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the upper limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the lower limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e8e19cb-0b87-5a93-8dae-ba685ab768d3.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd0acfd2-24e3-79cc-4d0e-393dc3db77cf.md">NeedPaintPaletteDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint palette delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76de231e-1e7e-f794-8483-ddea441042ee.md">NeedTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if transparent paint is needed<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cdba12d3-5645-799d-33f9-6670d0337c37.md">OverrideFocus</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the item appearance when it has focus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8cea2617-c4c2-b210-5dee-2a741492f4b6.md">Padding</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the internal padding space.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0cd21a8-cecb-c891-532e-34ba62c82f21.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41c3411b-ffb0-095e-47b4-fc6ce7c5db17.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="177219af-8f43-9c87-623d-ff4ae2155849.md">Redirector</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the palette redirector.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81eeb3c2-d939-1525-0987-b9cd7d94af7d.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="75fe4c02-e1d8-500a-7477-8e2da2ea4dcf.md">ScrollAlwaysVisible</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the vertical scroll bar is shown at all times.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d24ae6b7-3644-4b63-89b8-0d2722f1176c.md">SelectedIndex</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the zero-based index of the currently selected item in a KryptonListBox.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="691d9cbf-af57-2738-735c-7ac6020f35a3.md">SelectedIndices</a></td>
<td>Gets a collection that contains the zero-based indexes of all currently selected items in the KryptonListBox.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d745ecb7-ffa8-ecaf-73e0-101657cd0c66.md">SelectedItem</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the currently selected item in the KryptonListBox.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="93b17397-bab3-a00e-63b3-c7c3bb6533a0.md">SelectedItems</a></td>
<td>Gets a collection containing the currently selected items in the KryptonListBox.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c7a97aa0-70d2-d73f-78fb-bfa8b573d5d9.md">SelectedValue</a></td>
<td>Gets the value of the selected item in the list control, or selects the item in the list control that contains the specified value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9e79526f-8439-26e8-f908-be2a35675a0f.md">SelectionMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the selection mode of the KryptonListBox control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9dc2d859-4b0b-de4e-1d69-884da21bfe67.md">Sorted</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the items in the KryptonListBox are sorted alphabetically.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c80f0443-fec9-f88d-dde7-7359346065e1.md">StateActive</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the active appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bde89990-a24b-b9bc-011e-7fda4df7b6b1.md">StateCheckedNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal checked item appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c08c124e-4bea-7ccd-f9ac-a7908bb45b70.md">StateCheckedPressed</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the pressed checked item appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="94503cc2-6df9-724e-710c-7b5252de2790.md">StateCheckedTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the hot tracking checked item appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1aa1fb3a-d5a8-1400-3147-348407b1aba0.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common appearance entries that other states can override.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="79331060-03e3-fd44-5d9e-6ceabf4d4507.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="58ff01fa-4c91-bc43-7aac-a0c5ceb82fde.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="341ada5e-d7f7-301c-ac0c-9080d66a587b.md">StatePressed</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the pressed item appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="21ec52a1-61d0-2088-19d2-98bd3980a583.md">StateTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the hot tracking item appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can give the focus to this control using the TAB key.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="409509a4-86a9-d6f9-83fd-a8ed74b4f115.md">Text</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text associated associated with the control.<br />(Overrides KryptonListBox.Text)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7b8f9e37-6476-7e70-b5a7-0c43035928ba.md">ThemeSelectedIndex</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ThemeSelectedIndex.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7bc15b0f-7b9c-1821-d705-0229ee9c0438.md">ToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the button content.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4cffdcea-6975-9fcf-8e53-85dac3cb9200.md">TopIndex</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the index of the first visible item in the KryptonListBox.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f51f7937-adcf-25ad-781c-3ae22623fe0d.md">TransparentParent</a></td>
<td>Gets the control reference that is the parent for transparent drawing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="308b01a7-a175-523e-c015-ba2f048fcb46.md">ValueMember</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the value member.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyClients(AccessibleEvents, Int32)</td>
<td>Notifies the accessibility client applications of the specified AccessibleEvents for the specified child control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyClients(AccessibleEvents, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Notifies the accessibility client applications of the specified AccessibleEvents for the specified child control .<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously with the specified arguments, on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="64213545-f107-a1a7-2108-63428fb50a09.md">BeginUpdate</a></td>
<td>Maintains performance while items are added to the ListBox one at a time by preventing the control from drawing until the EndUpdate method is called.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BringToFront</td>
<td>Brings the control to the front of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fc58c042-3c2d-f021-e1f5-73d489c5113d.md">CanProcessMnemonic</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating is processing of mnemonics should be allowed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ffbf6243-6dc5-7871-e3d8-7ffcddfdf32c.md">CheckPerformLayout</a></td>
<td>Check if the layout is dirty and if so perform the layout now.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9a4ce62f-21a2-ac23-bb2f-6b646cc0a468.md">ClearSelected</a></td>
<td>Unselects all items in the KryptonListBox.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Contains</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating whether the specified control is a child of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ed56ab8e-9bd7-6187-b49c-d54ecbf66607.md">ContextMenuClosed</a></td>
<td>Called when a context menu has just been closed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateAccessibilityInstance</td>
<td>Creates a new accessibility object for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateControl</td>
<td>Forces the creation of the visible control, including the creation of the handle and any visible child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aaebe77a-4a58-5fca-dc7a-b15bae7e7559.md">CreateControlsInstance</a></td>
<td>Creates a new instance of the control collection for the KryptonListBox.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateGraphics</td>
<td>Creates the Graphics for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateHandle</td>
<td>Creates a handle for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8ff9ba75-cc49-b4e0-76a3-ffc2a389eca5.md">CreateRedirector</a></td>
<td>Create the redirector instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="905881ec-adfd-7948-eb6d-6f60a2c6086a.md">CreateToolStripRenderer</a></td>
<td>Create a tool strip renderer appropriate for the current renderer/palette pair.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">

VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefWndProc</td>
<td>Sends the specified message to the default window procedure.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DestroyHandle</td>
<td>Destroys the handle associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a9dae405-f7c0-93a8-9635-3d7f4133266d.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects)</td>
<td>Begins a drag-and-drop operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects, Bitmap, Point, Boolean)</td>
<td>Begins a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DrawToBitmap</td>
<td>Supports rendering to the specified bitmap.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EndInvoke</td>
<td>Retrieves the return value of the asynchronous operation represented by the IAsyncResult passed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="77dbfe75-d14c-288e-33bb-bfcd5a0b6d1c.md">EndUpdate</a></td>
<td>Resumes painting the ListBox control after painting is suspended by the BeginUpdate method.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a493c18f-f12b-a98f-f822-27edcb84d15d.md">EvalTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to paint transparent areas.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindForm</td>
<td>Retrieves the form that the control is on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8523b02c-cc91-6915-54c8-0e7a854b1692.md">FindString(String)</a></td>
<td>Finds the first item in the list box that starts with the specified string.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="62eb0a14-3027-cf0c-d3cb-11a3e233052a.md">FindString(String, Int32)</a></td>
<td>Finds the first item after the given index which starts with the given string. The search is not case sensitive.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="630ee75c-4bfe-ddba-9308-7e6af455ce07.md">FindStringExact(String)</a></td>
<td>Finds the first item in the list box that matches the specified string.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ee13e27a-3fd5-92e1-a910-61a7e817925a.md">FindStringExact(String, Int32)</a></td>
<td>Finds the first item after the specified index that matches the specified string.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1ec0829c-93a1-ade1-64bd-08c5252c4be2.md">Focus</a></td>
<td>Sets input focus to the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4922a24b-166d-76c3-123e-9a5c0c42e335.md">ForceControlLayout</a></td>
<td>Force the layout logic to size and position the controls.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4ae48011-3a45-ca60-ec5b-10120880f702.md">ForceViewLayout</a></td>
<td>Force the control to perform a krypton layout to calculate size and positioning.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetAccessibilityObjectById</td>
<td>Retrieves the specified AccessibleObject.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating how a control will behave when its AutoSize() property is enabled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point, GetChildAtPointSkip)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates, specifying whether to ignore child controls of a certain type.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetContainerControl</td>
<td>Returns the next ContainerControl up the control's chain of parent controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f7254530-70ed-301f-1174-08f9ee0a83af.md">GetItemHeight</a></td>
<td>Returns the height of an item in the KryptonListBox.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f16bd403-f93e-9e3f-c25f-767efa80fdcb.md">GetItemRectangle</a></td>
<td>Returns the bounding rectangle for an item in the KryptonListBox.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e8808b0e-1ddc-5d50-240c-331b56bab112.md">GetItemText</a></td>
<td>Returns the text representation of the specified item.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetNextControl</td>
<td>Retrieves the next control forward or back in the tab order of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPreferredSize</td>
<td>Retrieves the size of a rectangular area into which a control can be fitted.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetScaledBounds</td>
<td>Retrieves the bounds within which the control is scaled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1d1d1041-71b8-c7fd-d791-6d1bc6b8a5b9.md">GetSelected</a></td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether the specified item is selected.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStyle</td>
<td>Retrieves the value of the specified control style bit for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTopLevel</td>
<td>Determines if the control is a top-level control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Hide</td>
<td>Conceals the control from the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4cadd240-d410-9250-4f65-19cc0e041f7a.md">IndexFromPoint(Point)</a></td>
<td>Returns the zero-based index of the item at the specified coordinates.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="91e92c7c-01f0-754b-0105-0fd90bb3e6af.md">IndexFromPoint(Int32, Int32)</a></td>
<td>Returns the zero-based index of the item at the specified coordinates.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitLayout</td>
<td>Called after the control has been added to another container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate()</td>
<td>Invalidates the entire surface of the control and causes the control to be redrawn.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates a specific region of the control and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate, on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle, with the specified list of arguments.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(T)(Func(T))</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeGotFocus</td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4e4e64cb-cf30-e810-85d9-48111c6388c3.md">InvokeLayout</a></td>
<td>Request a layout be performed before any painting occurs.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeLostFocus</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeOnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokePaint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokePaintBackground</td>
<td>Raises the PaintBackground event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputChar</td>
<td>Determines if a character is an input character that the control recognizes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputKey</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified key is a regular input key or a special key that requires preprocessing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Int32)</td>
<td>Converts a Logical DPI value to its equivalent DeviceUnit DPI value.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Size)</td>
<td>Transforms a size from logical to device units by scaling it for the current DPI and rounding down to the nearest integer value for width and height.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="74fd6525-bfbe-3f74-849b-bd22402e3131.md">MarkLayoutDirty</a></td>
<td>Mark the layout as being dirty and needing to be performed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NotifyInvalidate</td>
<td>Raises the Invalidated event with a specified region of the control to invalidate.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAutoSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AutoSizeChanged() event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71f90f07-fab5-3b56-626c-6cc87419f5b2.md">OnBackColorChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackColorChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="792bb5e5-8b41-0d85-f40c-da78984778af.md">OnBackgroundImageChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundImageChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="da66e703-d369-cf31-8b2c-cb68dbcc573e.md">OnBackgroundImageLayoutChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageLayoutChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundImageLayoutChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageLayoutChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a5e103ba-e1f9-e850-b22d-ed7a7d0ec35f.md">OnButtonSpecChanged</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette storage of a button spec change.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e6a375c7-62b3-0bc1-c77b-6bb996d941fc.md">OnCausesValidationChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the CausesValidationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCausesValidationChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the CausesValidationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnChangeUICues</td>
<td>Raises the ChangeUICues event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClientSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ClientSizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ContextMenuStripChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnControlAdded</td>
<td>Raises the ControlAdded event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnControlRemoved</td>
<td>Raises the ControlRemoved event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3c3be949-f690-5d02-1ae3-f7a703ef6012.md">OnCreateControl</a></td>
<td>Raises the CreateControl() method.<br />(Overrides Control.OnCreateControl())</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCursorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CursorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataContextChanged</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="87bc57d0-e17d-357e-9a48-9a69706ceb3a.md">OnDataSourceChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the DataSourceChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cbcd93ca-3b76-7cb4-c618-307ca96f782f.md">OnDisplayMemberChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the DisplayMemberChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDockChanged</td>
<td>Raises the DockChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the DoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChangedAfterParent</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChangedAfterParent event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChangedBeforeParent</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChangedBeforeParent event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragDrop</td>
<td>Raises the DragDrop event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragEnter</td>
<td>Raises the DragEnter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragLeave</td>
<td>Raises the DragLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragOver</td>
<td>Raises the DragOver event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="74909b1a-1a8d-9d25-dc85-e695bccd789a.md">OnEnabledChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnabledChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnter</td>
<td>Raises the Enter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fa5d60d2-3992-25c2-a282-ac07e5f82a0c.md">OnForeColorChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnForeColorChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4177b1d4-f286-d244-b340-c7b10f90da9c.md">OnFormat</a></td>
<td>Raises the Format event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dc6fdb26-57a5-a815-2cc7-a986185168c4.md">OnFormatInfoChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the FormatInfoChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3e5c6f2e-cfbb-31b1-1e48-4171b9070cd6.md">OnFormatStringChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the FormatStringChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b3c44e1d-4668-b598-2dbd-a7dcdc0d0e83.md">OnFormattingEnabledChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the FormattingEnabledChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGiveFeedback</td>
<td>Raises the GiveFeedback event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="49bcb367-aa09-f4b7-0983-0fc7a7e27188.md">OnGlobalPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the global palette has been changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="51a20250-ab64-877a-9e22-7e1fd4882ee7.md">OnGotFocus(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGotFocus(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1f4f9e18-70da-aa1e-e169-a33a4a737297.md">OnHandleCreated(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the HandleCreated event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleCreated(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the HandleCreated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleDestroyed</td>
<td>Raises the HandleDestroyed event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHelpRequested</td>
<td>Raises the HelpRequested event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnImeModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ImeModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnInvalidated</td>
<td>Raises the Invalidated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0b765a9-ae10-5c47-844f-4cbd0720665e.md">OnKeyDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="562399ab-f214-22a5-ba83-51430bf4971a.md">OnKeyPress</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyPress event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="992e5695-361b-297d-c36b-f9dc612bca90.md">OnKeyUp</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyUp event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="83952e75-7c88-3bf5-d443-a79a3b6a5762.md">OnLayout</a></td>
<td>Raises the Layout event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLeave</td>
<td>Raises the Leave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLocationChanged</td>
<td>Raises the LocationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4b7ebb36-fd2a-97ca-5698-cab87f8276d9.md">OnLostFocus(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLostFocus(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMarginChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MarginChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseCaptureChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MouseCaptureChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseClick</td>
<td>Raises the MouseClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the MouseDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ad475383-1b15-a673-a877-2b0e1bd04d09.md">OnMouseDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseDown event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="520a4880-c9f3-a251-d0d4-eb75cbafcc45.md">OnMouseEnter(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseEnter event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseEnter(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the MouseEnter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseHover</td>
<td>Raises the MouseHover event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2efdc42a-7d9f-9971-2630-1ddc027bbfc7.md">OnMouseLeave(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseLeave(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3afd164a-6e9b-a40f-136a-e11105053ddd.md">OnMouseMove</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseMove event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="27ef0a19-e939-207f-b6bb-bda1b91100c8.md">OnMouseUp</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseUp event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseWheel</td>
<td>Raises the MouseWheel event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMove</td>
<td>Raises the Move event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5bec19b2-bd07-bd32-ed3a-a3740afe57ed.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette storage of a paint and optional layout required.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnNotifyMessage</td>
<td>Notifies the control of Windows messages.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aa66489b-ae03-98b7-adf6-538ff02b1e88.md">OnPaddingChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the PaddingChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaddingChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the PaddingChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3eadb2c5-7128-b779-23b2-68f32b4ebeb5.md">OnPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaintBackground</td>
<td>Paints the background of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3dc1a074-e2e1-48fd-6bab-63643ea96b99.md">OnPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PaletteChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c5ce47d2-5f9b-a0b1-debb-8b8cf5d36ec2.md">OnPaletteNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette of a paint and optional layout required.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event when the BackColor property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event when the BackgroundImage property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event when the BindingContext property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ParentChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentCursorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CursorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentDataContextChanged</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentEnabledChanged</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event when the Enabled property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event when the Font property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event when the ForeColor property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentRightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event when the RightToLeft property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event when the Visible property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPreviewKeyDown</td>
<td>Raises the PreviewKeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPrint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnQueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Raises the QueryContinueDrag event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRegionChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RegionChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnResize</td>
<td>Raises the Resize event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3d589f45-f95b-b580-5776-9f7541e4de34.md">OnRightToLeftChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRightToLeftChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3ec89fd9-b115-dc18-3746-a44ea90495de.md">OnSelectedIndexChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the SelectedIndexChanged event.<br />(Overrides <a href="1cbfb3d3-ba50-a258-fe50-b313abfde011.md">KryptonListBox.OnSelectedIndexChanged(EventArgs)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76887502-c8d3-cfc7-908a-a50839691ed8.md">OnSelectedValueChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the SelectedValueChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the StyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSystemColorsChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SystemColorsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTabIndexChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TabIndexChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0c2fae96-5b38-e6f9-5573-1e15157ce9d4.md">OnTabStopChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the TabStop event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTabStopChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the TabStopChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="190ccd7f-b1d4-955d-cf69-a081d6aea2d1.md">OnTextChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the TextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTextChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the TextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a9a9e1bc-ce3a-ee4e-e319-e7f54c9ed470.md">OnTrackMouseEnter</a></td>
<td>Raises the TrackMouseEnter event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="87aac10e-06b6-da1f-1932-43231617ad03.md">OnTrackMouseLeave</a></td>
<td>Raises the TrackMouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8976177b-201c-090f-4cef-b73e257b7c3a.md">OnUserPreferenceChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when a user preference has changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidated</td>
<td>Raises the Validated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidating</td>
<td>Raises the Validating event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5ae9d262-2485-932a-cadf-9757ba0b02c9.md">OnValueMemberChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the ValueMemberChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6aceb63f-9ce6-400f-73c0-8dccd3fab465.md">PaintBackground</a></td>
<td>Perform background painting with the provided default values.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout()</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout(Control, String)</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="408d7ab8-85b5-a283-4721-d1229b9e1ec2.md">PerformNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToClient</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified screen point into client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified client point into screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessControlMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="14536465-5748-35e6-e1e6-2278046bda62.md">ProcessCmdKey</a></td>
<td>Processes a command key.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDialogChar</td>
<td>Processes a dialog character.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDialogKey</td>
<td>Processes a dialog key.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyEventArgs</td>
<td>Processes a key message and generates the appropriate control events.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyMessage</td>
<td>Processes a keyboard message.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyPreview</td>
<td>Previews a keyboard message.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessMnemonic</td>
<td>Processes a mnemonic character.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseDragEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate drag event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseKeyEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate key event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseMouseEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate mouse event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaisePaintEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreateHandle</td>
<td>Forces the re-creation of the handle for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToClient</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified screen rectangle in client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified client rectangle in screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Refresh</td>
<td>Forces the control to invalidate its client area and immediately redraw itself and any child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RescaleConstantsForDpi</td>
<td>Provides constants for rescaling the control when a DPI change occurs.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResetMouseEventArgs</td>
<td>Resets the control to handle the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1f2f1132-e2b2-96db-249e-26b3e471c6c9.md">ResetPalette</a></td>
<td>Resets the Palette property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cfc2bdf2-2961-70c9-3ca4-9671ed4d7ead.md">ResetPaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Resets the PaletteMode property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResetText</td>
<td>Resets the Text property to its default value (Empty).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="587b7e23-ebba-0c4c-afec-49f9b5818ec2.md">ResetToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipValues property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout()</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout(Boolean)</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic, optionally forcing an immediate layout of pending layout requests.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3addd78e-325f-2c87-32bb-d491d01acc59.md">ReturnPaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Returns the palette mode.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(ContentAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified ContentAlignment to the appropriate ContentAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(HorizontalAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified HorizontalAlignment to the appropriate HorizontalAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(LeftRightAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified LeftRightAlignment to the appropriate LeftRightAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateContent</td>
<td>Converts the specified ContentAlignment to the appropriate ContentAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateHorizontal</td>
<td>Converts the specified HorizontalAlignment to the appropriate HorizontalAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateLeftRight</td>
<td>Converts the specified LeftRightAlignment to the appropriate LeftRightAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Scale</td>
<td>Scales the control and all child controls by the specified scaling factor.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleBitmapLogicalToDevice</td>
<td>Scales a logical bitmap value to it's equivalent device unit value when a DPI change occurs.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleControl</td>
<td>Scales a control's location, size, padding and margin.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c902e033-56f5-4aa9-13c8-58ad0e9e46df.md">Select()</a></td>
<td>Activates the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Select(Boolean, Boolean)</td>
<td>Activates a child control. Optionally specifies the direction in the tab order to select the control from.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectNextControl</td>
<td>Activates the next control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SendToBack</td>
<td>Sends the control to the back of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Sets a value indicating how a control will behave when its AutoSize() property is enabled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Sets the bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, BoundsSpecified)</td>
<td>Sets the specified bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBoundsCore</td>
<td>Performs the work of setting the specified bounds of this control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetClientSizeCore</td>
<td>Sets the size of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d6af65b3-17bb-e68d-3dc2-45771430e1cd.md">SetFixedState</a></td>
<td>Sets the fixed state of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ad65c666-5826-03a9-73be-1a471fab61db.md">SetSelected</a></td>
<td>Selects or clears the selection for the specified item in a KryptonListBox.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetStyle</td>
<td>Sets a specified ControlStyles flag to either true or false.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetTopLevel</td>
<td>Sets the control as the top-level control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetVisibleCore</td>
<td>Sets the control to the specified visible state.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Show</td>
<td>Displays the control to the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeFromClientSize</td>
<td>Determines the size of the entire control from the height and width of its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SuspendLayout</td>
<td>Temporarily suspends the layout logic for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Update</td>
<td>Causes the control to redraw the invalidated regions within its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds()</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the current size and location.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the specified size and location.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the specified size, location, and client size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="07a40314-0c37-654b-e81b-68809af7c653.md">UpdateGlobalEvents</a></td>
<td>Update global event attachments.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateStyles</td>
<td>Forces the assigned styles to be reapplied to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateZOrder</td>
<td>Updates the control in its parent's z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c92eebae-5bbc-c727-fc44-87f0050670fa.md">ViewFromPoint</a></td>
<td>Gets the view associated with the provided client location.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c89c6762-2360-110f-0663-c171d03d5777.md">WndProc</a></td>
<td>Process Windows-based messages.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>BackColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackColor property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackgroundImage property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageLayoutChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the BackgroundImageLayout property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BindingContext property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidationChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the CausesValidation property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ChangeUICues</td>
<td>Occurs when the focus or keyboard user interface (UI) cues change.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Click</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is clicked.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ClientSize property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ContextMenuStrip property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlAdded</td>
<td>Occurs when a new control is added to the Control.ControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlRemoved</td>
<td>Occurs when a control is removed from the Control.ControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CursorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Cursor property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DataContext property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fe8e7589-3a7a-378f-075e-9f465f81f665.md">DataSourceChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DataSource property changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cb23e467-5460-a78a-4f33-51226f156a81.md">DisplayMemberChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DisplayMember property changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DockChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Dock property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is double-clicked.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DpiChangedAfterParent</td>
<td>Occurs when the DPI setting for a control is changed programmatically after the DPI of its parent control or form has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DpiChangedBeforeParent</td>
<td>Occurs when the DPI setting for a control is changed programmatically before a DPI change event for its parent control or form has occurred.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragDrop</td>
<td>Occurs when a drag-and-drop operation is completed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged into the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged out of the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragOver</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged over the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eeb6c3a9-1f4f-f216-ccff-e77189373fae.md">DrawItem</a></td>
<td>Occurs when [draw item].<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EnabledChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Enabled property value has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enter</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is entered.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Font property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ForeColor property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2ab87e97-2ed2-5289-c80e-0ce7b660fc43.md">Format</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the property of a control is bound to a data value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7d84e745-be60-9460-c42c-fbc500713d58.md">FormatInfoChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the FormatInfo property changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="203702e3-18ed-48d7-e706-0bf4a6531671.md">FormatStringChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the FormatString property changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0ce13c79-98c8-839d-e288-9645c6686703.md">FormattingEnabledChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the FormattingEnabled property changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GiveFeedback</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="86b6b593-be64-74e5-9b90-1c294818dd61.md">GlobalPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the Global palette changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GotFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the control receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HandleCreated</td>
<td>Occurs when a handle is created for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HandleDestroyed</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's handle is in the process of being destroyed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HelpRequested</td>
<td>Occurs when the user requests help for a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ImeMode property has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidated</td>
<td>Occurs when a control's display requires redrawing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyDown</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is pressed while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyPress</td>
<td>Occurs when a character. space or backspace key is pressed while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyUp</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is released while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Layout</td>
<td>Occurs when a control should reposition its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Leave</td>
<td>Occurs when the input focus leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LocationChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Location property value has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LostFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the control loses focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MarginChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's margin changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseCaptureChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control loses mouse capture.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is clicked by the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is double clicked by the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDown</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the control and a mouse button is pressed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer enters the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseHover</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer rests on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseMove</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is moved over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseUp</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the control and a mouse button is released.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseWheel</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse wheel moves while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Move</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is moved.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PaddingChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's padding changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Paint</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is redrawn.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="32d43992-02c5-c372-c8ca-601d1a133690.md">PaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the palette changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ParentChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Parent property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreviewKeyDown</td>
<td>Occurs before the KeyDown event when a key is pressed while focus is on this control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryAccessibilityHelp</td>
<td>Occurs when AccessibleObject is providing help to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag-and-drop operation and enables the drag source to determine whether the drag-and-drop operation should be canceled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RegionChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Region property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Resize</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the RightToLeft property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e70b543e-0737-6366-8c61-038b54999dfa.md">SelectedIndexChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the SelectedIndex property changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eab66659-bdff-0fa4-5cf3-43705e5e9d43.md">SelectedValueChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the SelectedValue property changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Size property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control style changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SystemColorsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the system colors change.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndexChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the TabIndex property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStopChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the TabStop property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Text property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8889db5d-e7a6-22f3-42c6-5bbf0969113d.md">TrackMouseEnter</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse enters the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="965b0aae-9a83-e3fa-9c42-dbe8bcc5fba6.md">TrackMouseLeave</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validated</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is finished validating.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validating</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is validating.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="70ab3904-1d2a-8920-15f5-ca25cfd53165.md">ValueMemberChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ValueMember property changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VisibleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Visible property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="ec29487f-dfd2-5e9c-83e3-814fc9eb177b.md">visualBasePopupToolTip</a></td>
<td><br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
<a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>  
