# PaletteNavContent Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f3c5f4d2-0734-3307-1156-cf26a977d02a.md">GetContentAdjacentGap</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual padding between adjacent content items.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ec42c70e-d652-8e5c-629e-601c4aeb86a9.md">GetContentDraw</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content draw value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b4b3d1b7-6ec5-913c-c659-32d71485bd31.md">GetContentDrawFocus</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content draw with focus value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3b8e0340-e51f-c6dd-a277-39d6b4deead2.md">GetContentImageColorMap</a></td>
<td>Gets the image color to remap into another color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b357283b-429b-3ec6-bd6c-f6fcf3769ea3.md">GetContentImageColorTo</a></td>
<td>Gets the color to use in place of the image map color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="44eb58c4-c9a4-4c02-3b1b-783ba633b313.md">GetContentImageEffect</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual image drawing effect value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="50834845-2d9f-e1b8-48e7-d318f0035d43.md">GetContentImageH</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content image horizontal alignment value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5650bda7-5366-015d-9786-d4a238d5e4e5.md">GetContentImageV</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content image vertical alignment value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="70ab33f4-539b-cd28-40a6-860df92f3f00.md">GetContentLongTextColor1</a></td>
<td>Gets the first color for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a751667c-61ea-189c-398a-18038069928e.md">GetContentLongTextColor2</a></td>
<td>Gets the second back color for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b77c53a1-c376-54e5-6794-788a5e84d39c.md">GetContentLongTextColorAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the color alignment style for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9468f863-01a9-a5cb-80a1-28fa6c012df9.md">GetContentLongTextColorAngle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color angle for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="af5c2740-a708-7b5c-624b-e6fef0edb93e.md">GetContentLongTextColorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color drawing style for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b6ffaa6c-dcb2-0443-125d-aca6ab7487a4.md">GetContentLongTextFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content long text font value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b7dd6c53-44b5-c862-e9f6-60139cb53727.md">GetContentLongTextH</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content long text horizontal alignment value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1a70fb10-7172-5316-46ef-5d94250b73f8.md">GetContentLongTextHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual text rendering hint for long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e87c4902-1549-b5ce-20fd-7861fd7db71e.md">GetContentLongTextImage</a></td>
<td>Gets an image for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7792bcd4-7b77-a68e-c56e-3601bafc0153.md">GetContentLongTextImageAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the image alignment style for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="85429a38-7503-7747-d421-05fa1fce4be2.md">GetContentLongTextImageStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the image style for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9fdac012-52c2-5bd8-76c2-578cf542f100.md">GetContentLongTextMultiLine</a></td>
<td>Gets the flag indicating if multiline text is allowed for long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0eda7c07-7f9f-405a-9e22-158d279f64dd.md">GetContentLongTextMultiLineH</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content long text horizontal multiline alignment value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="972fe587-f75b-4d5b-a868-736d131e7456.md">GetContentLongTextNewFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the long text by generating a new font instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1c43261b-50f4-6915-07da-8e596dd72ab4.md">GetContentLongTextPrefix</a></td>
<td>Gets the prefix drawing setting for long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a7d0522e-b916-7e9a-4666-f015e1151ac5.md">GetContentLongTextTrim</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual text trimming for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f57189bb-a66a-9b14-e29d-0271d7059eda.md">GetContentLongTextV</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content long text vertical alignment value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1b96d94e-a9ab-98d3-b005-3483b0b5caa6.md">GetContentPadding</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual padding between the border and content drawing.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="30264975-ae50-7a8b-5a43-cebec13b60fa.md">GetContentShortTextColor1</a></td>
<td>Gets the first color for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="16f0ce7a-5db6-450a-03ec-65c126dab870.md">GetContentShortTextColor2</a></td>
<td>Gets the second back color for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="663ab5e0-2dce-ca00-d78a-a3e27717f493.md">GetContentShortTextColorAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the color alignment style for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3b981497-38eb-7883-8402-da79ba4afe36.md">GetContentShortTextColorAngle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color angle for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7f41afee-0e3d-fe46-cc50-87656216ea52.md">GetContentShortTextColorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color drawing style for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d7b43549-dadf-8536-3e62-d5f9a643ac29.md">GetContentShortTextFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content short text font value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="10c6a7f8-68b1-ce21-790f-f45d883bdebb.md">GetContentShortTextH</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content short text horizontal alignment value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="50741d92-280b-8584-0f1a-dc394e5cdb01.md">GetContentShortTextHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual text rendering hint for short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b5a4abe1-b164-0f52-8332-85cc074fada5.md">GetContentShortTextImage</a></td>
<td>Gets an image for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1136232d-2e54-e71b-ad27-6040e2439e29.md">GetContentShortTextImageAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the image alignment style for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f7372c39-1cf4-aa8a-b28e-e8412a28f6bd.md">GetContentShortTextImageStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the image style for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="20d1d460-f09a-d8cb-258b-76263070678f.md">GetContentShortTextMultiLine</a></td>
<td>Gets the flag indicating if multiline text is allowed for short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9688bf8f-7de0-b47b-7241-0cf713f872d5.md">GetContentShortTextMultiLineH</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content short text horizontal multiline alignment value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9b3e703c-090f-895b-d832-ee4a23c9ed96.md">GetContentShortTextNewFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the short text by generating a new font instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fd783349-d299-be66-4520-21f4907ea96a.md">GetContentShortTextPrefix</a></td>
<td>Gets the prefix drawing setting for short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="32feada4-60d2-6730-746a-6892e5f05b6a.md">GetContentShortTextTrim</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual text trimming for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e01f012e-3915-31f1-afe8-611bcb3d0433.md">GetContentShortTextV</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content short text vertical alignment value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2d12b815-c390-b4c9-6908-e165972e3b3f.md">GetContentStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the style appropriate for this content.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="feaf6f6a-ede9-097b-03e6-ad43b826dbcb.md">PopulateFromBase</a></td>
<td>Populate values from the base palette.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="848619bb-78f1-e8a4-9322-683d2e964d37.md">ResetAdjacentGap</a></td>
<td>Reset the AdjacentGap to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="42e0cb7f-4ec0-93a8-cd2c-38a83fed9a37.md">ResetPadding</a></td>
<td>Reset the Padding to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ffbafaf5-7e53-c422-8b86-727cfbce071e.md">SetInherit</a></td>
<td>Sets the inheritance parent.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="ab057b88-7471-f3d7-5258-1b0b8e66d8be.md">PaletteNavContent Class</a>  
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
