# KryptonTaskDialog Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d9583f33-f3f2-61f4-6a29-c5e6777147f0.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Clean up any resources being used.<br />(Overrides Component.Dispose(Boolean))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4bc03b2b-9582-a1cb-d492-fe7f32ee9bef.md">OnFooterHyperlinkClicked</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyFooterHyperlinkClickedChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="27781b9a-ca51-49fe-313d-532760a593fa.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76b211a6-f9f3-fdae-937b-7f2895650611.md">Show</a></td>
<td>Show a task dialog using the specified values as content.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1738eeeb-7654-7a2e-67b8-e9a6826b9140.md">ShowDialog()</a></td>
<td>Shows the task dialog as a modal dialog box with the currently active window set as its owner.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cb21170d-4a04-b78d-6101-ecd20738e152.md">ShowDialog(IWin32Window)</a></td>
<td>Shows the form as a modal dialog box with the specified owner.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="97e66c69-bc63-6731-45d7-860bb11df4c0.md">KryptonTaskDialog Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
