# KryptonContextMenuLinkLabel Class


Provide a context menu link label.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonContextMenuLinkLabel : KryptonContextMenuItemBase
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonContextMenuLinkLabel
	Inherits KryptonContextMenuItemBase
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>  →  KryptonContextMenuLinkLabel</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="d16a8b40-ac0e-3257-9a42-1087c8e29e9d.md">KryptonContextMenuLinkLabel()</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonContextMenuLinkLabel class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9e9ba149-913a-ebf9-1934-ff71277e8b3f.md">KryptonContextMenuLinkLabel(String)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonContextMenuLinkLabel class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="8566db28-7496-d4df-8992-140ec48473e7.md">AutoClose</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if clicking the link label automatically closes the context menu.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the component can raise an event.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8aa2900d-eed7-966a-ce5b-1f03dcfdda78.md">ExtraText</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the link label extra text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9dfd8404-9599-82d6-62ef-376b18dda31d.md">Image</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the link label image.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0c7d7c48-bf67-4e6f-3b06-4327c85cd5fd.md">ImageTransparentColor</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the link label image color to make transparent.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8c13352e-79b8-da6b-dd43-d570b5194075.md">KryptonCommand</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the associated KryptonCommand.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="29374730-a07c-bbb1-e28d-4cdc0bf69178.md">LabelStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the link label style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="03aeb10e-ddab-90ec-0b24-9b3a012966a2.md">LinkBehavior</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value that determines the underline behavior of the link label.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="36b4ca3d-2665-377c-1071-befbe9354dac.md">LinkVisited</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if the label has been visited.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0b741b62-bd94-5058-681c-014fc62e0e2d.md">OverrideFocus</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the link label appearance when it has focus.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="84ee72f6-e223-225e-9a70-a51e416a39ed.md">OverrideNotVisited</a></td>
<td>Gets access to normal state modifications when link label has not been visited.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3260df5a-6fdb-9654-f6d3-9eb51d2811c8.md">OverridePressed</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the pressed link label appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cb197f1d-3549-6724-8d93-88cd4128321b.md">OverrideVisited</a></td>
<td>Gets access to normal state modifications when link label has been visited.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ISite of the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b2b18287-ff86-daff-9cf7-d6d8a3500c49.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the link label normal instance specific appearance values.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4ca54ae1-2f96-5bce-ffd0-420b8c0c9113.md">Tag</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets user-defined data associated with the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c5ab546e-17f8-6dfe-f666-f4570bcdb182.md">Text</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the link label text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e2db60c0-a28d-f7ef-1290-98ef541699f9.md">ToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ToolTipValues content.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="222ce9e0-7672-2989-1f3d-56ab63d1e070.md">Visible</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the item is visible in the context menu.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b822346a-2597-736e-6a9b-d5a379188989.md">GenerateView</a></td>
<td>Returns a view appropriate for this item based on the object it is inside.<br />(Overrides <a href="4ff50a92-e0d0-944c-4542-c1dfe1101a0b.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase.GenerateView(IContextMenuProvider, Object, ViewLayoutStack, Boolean, Boolean)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9ccdd9cb-6c96-a307-b9fd-44275c5de4a8.md">OnClick</a></td>
<td>Raises the Click event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="313c6727-c18d-a9a3-5fb5-e592eb5e4516.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0493ef13-8c03-5b4b-aca9-9ed23ff0e858.md">OnToolTipNeeded</a></td>
<td>Raises the ToolTipNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b3e3e833-1188-2a04-cc35-e48dec624526.md">PerformClick</a></td>
<td>Generates a Click event for the component.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="99aa4baf-159e-64bb-d51b-ba9e8a80ab12.md">ProcessShortcut</a></td>
<td>Test for the provided shortcut and perform relevant action if a match is found.<br />(Overrides <a href="1290fb0d-f07b-010e-f79d-c7e1a108ac56.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase.ProcessShortcut(Keys)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="46907c04-f166-ac3c-11f3-65f5be172eef.md">ResetToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipValues property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="764dfb4a-56c5-1fd1-90ca-455a217ba356.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a description of the instance.<br />(Overrides Component.ToString())</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="68f2abfa-90f0-ba49-f4cf-f0827c5fa80f.md">Click</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the link label item is clicked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5f9b6f70-f6ff-e88d-acfd-f88d1130586b.md">PropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when a property has changed value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19756262-2a00-26bd-456c-0f5ee895e24a.md">ToolTipNeeded</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the <a href="19269e57-f7e7-326d-c5b4-f602bf32208b.md">KryptonContextMenuItem</a> wants to display a tooltip.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
