# PaletteBorderInheritOverride Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="40a2610c-f04c-1bbe-4a1b-46f1d5385161.md">GetBorderColor1</a></td>
<td>Gets the first border color.<br />(Overrides <a href="cef7d0c4-f50c-92e9-adaa-74510af9fef3.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderColor1(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2f7adf90-7d6a-5620-4d6f-6d1aca3a0957.md">GetBorderColor2</a></td>
<td>Gets the second border color.<br />(Overrides <a href="a0238024-2177-82dd-f4a9-bd6375c029bc.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderColor2(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dc2e7211-7f8b-7156-0f3d-9b8fec6ec78a.md">GetBorderColorAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the color alignment style.<br />(Overrides <a href="dcd4d6c1-0b55-efd9-dfb2-ff5f0dbaa564.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderColorAlign(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="875acc53-a659-1575-5564-c19e8a6fd83d.md">GetBorderColorAngle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color border angle.<br />(Overrides <a href="ef3c0f71-e911-19fd-bafe-584f63b81453.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderColorAngle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f11d619d-29e8-77a7-4964-a2e387e6f6d2.md">GetBorderColorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color drawing style.<br />(Overrides <a href="a13b5f96-142c-6f75-c179-e9a4ec2366a5.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderColorStyle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="53032ad8-f585-edeb-d6f2-983688561851.md">GetBorderDraw</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if border should be drawn.<br />(Overrides <a href="3ef40c86-11dc-f8c0-2059-f0db25abe7d5.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderDraw(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="db639994-7055-3a15-8b0b-a7fd7ceb6639.md">GetBorderDrawBorders</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating which borders to draw.<br />(Overrides <a href="f7763d4d-5b84-ed18-eafe-7ebd05100897.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderDrawBorders(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="888a1024-1008-55b7-96c7-c5c577d7e065.md">GetBorderGraphicsHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the graphics drawing hint.<br />(Overrides <a href="96fe5a5c-2499-95d8-bf93-5f87742e65b4.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderGraphicsHint(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e2d1d0a6-2c31-c254-7325-60fbfe4e338f.md">GetBorderImage</a></td>
<td>Gets a border image.<br />(Overrides <a href="8d5209c0-c546-40ac-33c6-dd6e1d59c374.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderImage(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ed9da1f9-7bb9-453c-0193-90a67e0474fc.md">GetBorderImageAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the image alignment style.<br />(Overrides <a href="b4de4a9c-2c38-4099-e92f-c498090116c9.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderImageAlign(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="64ad1f36-3036-b983-a43f-794a20022ec8.md">GetBorderImageStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the border image style.<br />(Overrides <a href="c914a5a4-6659-23d1-a2d6-51571be4d934.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderImageStyle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7b59e2ff-f094-be99-2b4b-002a369a8184.md">GetBorderRounding</a></td>
<td>Gets the border rounding.<br />(Overrides <a href="d610277a-b710-e52a-224a-b70b47ff8bf8.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderRounding(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c2028942-c6b9-ea03-0ad2-3c426a407d45.md">GetBorderWidth</a></td>
<td>Gets the border width.<br />(Overrides <a href="cdfd3b1c-cad3-66b2-ef34-4fd6be572189.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderWidth(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9460e82a-114f-d090-105d-ca923a13f6b0.md">SetPalettes</a></td>
<td>Update the the primary and backup palettes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a101c2bc-40f1-d625-c6f0-33ae4626dc98.md">PaletteBorderInheritOverride Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
