# ButtonDragRectangleEventArgs Class


Details for an event that discovers the rectangle that the mouse has to leave to begin dragging.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class ButtonDragRectangleEventArgs : EventArgs
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class ButtonDragRectangleEventArgs
	Inherits EventArgs
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  EventArgs  →  ButtonDragRectangleEventArgs</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="1d6b4de3-2de8-e19c-c3a0-fc117fd0be52.md">ButtonDragRectangleEventArgs</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the ButtonDragRectangleEventArgs class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="a1ef7f64-9448-876d-63ee-2a7d8af933fb.md">DragRect</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the drag rectangle area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7b7b9a71-f106-9de9-c3a1-7a3cdba79872.md">Point</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the left mouse down point.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f3edea4-d4ed-5bb9-001f-f6ba77a3ad79.md">PreDragOffset</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need for pre drag offset events.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
