# PageDragEndData Class


Details for an event that provides pages and cell associated with a page dragging event.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Navigator (in Krypton.Navigator.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class PageDragEndData
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class PageDragEndData
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  PageDragEndData</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="e21f87bb-dac8-60cf-7ce4-9ade2386d23c.md">PageDragEndData(Object, KryptonPageCollection)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the PageDragEndData class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="854e69db-0b6b-38db-a4fa-075ed307aee5.md">PageDragEndData(Object, KryptonNavigator, KryptonPageCollection)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the PageDragEndData class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="b309bf8d-df8f-ef18-4fe5-3f228595fbd8.md">Navigator</a></td>
<td>Gets access to any associated KryptonNavigator instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e369db98-3feb-8547-12c2-0aac3a6c0daa.md">Pages</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the collection of pages.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b9a1ea8f-393a-5eda-271b-8b88df68329c.md">Source</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the source of the drag data.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
