# KryptonPageFlagsEventHandler Class


Signature of method that provides a KryptonPageFlags enumeration value.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Navigator (in Krypton.Navigator.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public sealed class KryptonPageFlagsEventHandler : MulticastDelegate
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public NotInheritable Class KryptonPageFlagsEventHandler
	Inherits MulticastDelegate
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  Delegate  →  MulticastDelegate  →  KryptonPageFlagsEventHandler</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="d2217764-e146-9df6-52bb-b29a324f7ecb.md">KryptonPageFlagsEventHandler</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the KryptonPageFlagsEventHandler class</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>Method</td>
<td>Gets the method represented by the delegate.<br />(Inherited from Delegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Target</td>
<td>Gets the class instance on which the current delegate invokes the instance method.<br />(Inherited from Delegate)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="716fe9af-d211-ccd2-8a65-30af95eed859.md">BeginInvoke</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Clone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the delegate.<br />(Inherited from Delegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DynamicInvoke</td>
<td>Dynamically invokes (late-bound) the method represented by the current delegate.<br />(Inherited from Delegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e4ba7c89-0eb0-ef4e-987d-15f6ae31f37c.md">EndInvoke</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether this multicast delegate and the specified object are equal.<br />(Inherited from MulticastDelegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MulticastDelegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetInvocationList</td>
<td>Returns the invocation list of this multicast delegate, in invocation order.<br />(Inherited from MulticastDelegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetObjectData</td>
<td>Populates a SerializationInfo object with all the data needed to serialize this instance.<br />(Inherited from MulticastDelegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0381016d-968c-210e-0ab1-5ee886d55aa1.md">Invoke</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
