# KryptonDataGridViewDateTimePickerColumn Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="b95c20cb-d5d9-5f17-283f-e5495a7f7220.md">Clone</a></td>
<td>Create a cloned copy of the column.<br />(Overrides <a href="2c225d0c-ac0d-d52c-a7d5-7427b6930106.md">KryptonDataGridViewIconColumn.Clone()</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the DataGridViewBand.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the DataGridViewBand and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases the resources associated with the band.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPreferredWidth</td>
<td>Calculates the ideal width of the column based on the specified criteria.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataGridViewChanged</td>
<td>Called when the band is associated with a different DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseCellClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseCellContentClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellContentClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseCellContentDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellContentDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseCellValueChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CellValueChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseDataError</td>
<td>Raises the DataError event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseMouseWheel</td>
<td>Raises the MouseWheel event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b3dc3936-9eb7-38b4-efb1-238ebad3a865.md">ResetCalendarTodayText</a></td>
<td>Reset the value of the CalendarTodayText property.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6b79dfcb-2444-7cb4-70eb-ce5d5eb59337.md">ShouldSerializeCalendarAnnuallyBoldedDates</a></td>
<td>Should the CalendarAnnuallyBoldedDates property be serialized.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e9838f83-ea1d-1b4a-ef8a-d29235edbabb.md">ShouldSerializeCalendarBoldedDates</a></td>
<td>Should the CalendarBoldedDates property be serialized.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="13027c93-f344-2ed8-0f3a-1f2692cb0b94.md">ShouldSerializeCalendarMonthlyBoldedDates</a></td>
<td>Should the CalendarMonthlyBoldedDates property be serialized.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3ed3ab7b-6627-b79e-6e0a-f9beb0d2cdf0.md">ShouldSerializeMaxDate</a></td>
<td>Should the MaxDate property be serialized.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2a78cc69-6bd5-fcd1-d881-96bb023031f9.md">ShouldSerializeMinDate</a></td>
<td>Should the MinDate property be serialized.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="664459bd-bba8-1730-8912-91335facc04b.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a standard compact string representation of the column.<br />(Overrides DataGridViewColumn.ToString())</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="4b982974-4f58-4c7f-b59d-75ab5f2cd812.md">KryptonDataGridViewDateTimePickerColumn Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
