# KryptonMessageBoxDefaultButton Class


Specifies constants defining the default button on a .



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public sealed class KryptonMessageBoxDefaultButton : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public NotInheritable Class KryptonMessageBoxDefaultButton
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  KryptonMessageBoxDefaultButton</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="391b6e23-1f06-2e5b-33d1-6ebb6da9bd9b.md">Button1</a></td>
<td>The first button on the message box is the default button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="580853fc-aa09-05c9-960b-c79751320f40.md">Button2</a></td>
<td>The second button on the message box is the default button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="99bfb80f-5555-82f2-12b2-5ad3542620a1.md">Button3</a></td>
<td>The third button on the message box is the default button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b09a1b74-7893-9c7d-c16d-088e067130c8.md">Button4</a></td>
<td>Specifies that the Help button on the message box should be the default button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ea527635-803b-b79b-992e-3570d07a9b18.md">Button5</a></td>
<td>The accelerator button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ead071a0-fcee-66c1-008c-65d0fccd08a0.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
KryptonMessageBox  
