# KryptonPrintDialog Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="96fe2c07-19b8-7324-918e-7f85d44760c4.md">AllowCurrentPage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the Current Page option button is enabled.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6d2a816b-cf92-7594-dee0-0f34d8393f11.md">AllowPrintToFile</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the Print to file check box is enabled.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81a139fc-4a56-dccc-90af-8c26b429a43f.md">AllowSelection</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the From... To... Page option button is enabled.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4d9dd17e-7ca1-98b2-639a-a87cf07be16e.md">AllowSomePages</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the Pages option button is enabled.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the component can raise an event.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9e89fe43-7950-30b9-7ae3-7085e17ebe7b.md">Document</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating the PrintDocument used to obtain Drawing.Printing.PrinterSettings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4233772c-dc30-e9e8-d298-71c30452beb1.md">Icon</a></td>
<td>Changes the default Icon to Developer set</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2114595a-0c4d-f219-de0f-d3826452f9cb.md">PrinterSettings</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Drawing.Printing.PrinterSettings the dialog box will be modifying.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9d4552ae-a5e9-1065-da59-f94c5ce75f39.md">PrintToFile</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the Print to file check box is checked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c15cc975-cae4-0159-2fde-fe18ede71b78.md">ShowHelp</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the Help button is Displayed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b106f7d2-041c-7a16-1802-08813f1a4984.md">ShowIcon</a></td>
<td>Changes the default Icon to Developer set</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="14f9ce26-1931-a3e9-4e06-b216298f3068.md">ShowNetwork</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the Network button is Displayed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ISite of the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets an object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from CommonDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0dfe37a0-0ca7-107c-2da3-6fdc99dfb7de.md">Title</a></td>
<td>Changes the title of the common Print Dialog</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="ea134f77-d7c7-75c6-cba8-e16dcf9f7d54.md">KryptonPrintDialog Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
