# GetToolStripRenderer Class


Signature of a method that returns a ToolStripRenderer instance.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public sealed class GetToolStripRenderer : MulticastDelegate
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public NotInheritable Class GetToolStripRenderer
	Inherits MulticastDelegate
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  Delegate  →  MulticastDelegate  →  GetToolStripRenderer</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="9babcd53-e33a-e6ab-56f2-f8d6575d8346.md">GetToolStripRenderer</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the GetToolStripRenderer class</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>Method</td>
<td>Gets the method represented by the delegate.<br />(Inherited from Delegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Target</td>
<td>Gets the class instance on which the current delegate invokes the instance method.<br />(Inherited from Delegate)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="8c8f4b8d-fd3e-dd39-4190-c554b8ae2c96.md">BeginInvoke</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Clone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the delegate.<br />(Inherited from Delegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DynamicInvoke</td>
<td>Dynamically invokes (late-bound) the method represented by the current delegate.<br />(Inherited from Delegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d8fc1e0e-b34d-d999-bee0-918f6f7f9c52.md">EndInvoke</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether this multicast delegate and the specified object are equal.<br />(Inherited from MulticastDelegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MulticastDelegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetInvocationList</td>
<td>Returns the invocation list of this multicast delegate, in invocation order.<br />(Inherited from MulticastDelegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetObjectData</td>
<td>Populates a SerializationInfo object with all the data needed to serialize this instance.<br />(Inherited from MulticastDelegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="464852c1-c6ca-07ae-eb30-4a66a6596b91.md">Invoke</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
