# TypedCollectionEventArgs&lt;T&gt; Class


Details for typed collection related events.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class TypedCollectionEventArgs<T> : EventArgs
where T : class

```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class TypedCollectionEventArgs(Of T As Class)
	Inherits EventArgs
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  EventArgs  →  TypedCollectionEventArgs(T)</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Derived</strong></td><td><a href="179bbf53-de44-174f-23b8-44c0e7dbb8ba.md">Krypton.Navigator.KryptonPageEventArgs</a></td></tr>
</table>



#### Type Parameters
<dl><dt /><dd>\[Missing &lt;typeparam name="T"/&gt; documentation for "T:Krypton.Toolkit.TypedCollectionEventArgs`1"\]</dd></dl>

## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="b39688a4-0718-298a-1035-f4c01ef52f70.md">TypedCollectionEventArgs(T)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the TypedCollectionEventArgs class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="a7bbde25-dc35-b517-4276-9cc0cf3543d5.md">Index</a></td>
<td>Gets the index of the item associated with the event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6791079d-ec0c-6237-8696-46779f655595.md">Item</a></td>
<td>Gets the item associated with the event.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
