# KryptonCheckedListBox Class


Provide a CheckedListBox with Krypton styling applied.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonCheckedListBox : VisualControlBase, 
	IContainedInputControl
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonCheckedListBox
	Inherits VisualControlBase
	Implements IContainedInputControl
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  Control  →  <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>  →  KryptonCheckedListBox</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td><a href="e5e776e0-3d53-4472-0f7e-1158a7082419.md">IContainedInputControl</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="bbdc4147-c80f-5cfd-129d-05a225ebb082.md">KryptonCheckedListBox</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonCheckedListBox class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can accept data that the user drags onto it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="51da5f2e-51b0-04cf-2ebc-bb8432cb13b6.md">AlwaysActive</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets Determines if the control is always active or only when the mouse is over the control or has focus.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Anchor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the edges of the container to which a control is bound and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1cb9b3f1-d625-1f75-6f48-9cd33918e4c4.md">BackgroundImage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fbcec284-5d61-c094-4119-30a008179f8c.md">BackgroundImageLayout</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image layout.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6f5e0d94-35e3-9a6d-f10c-2b3a1d662289.md">BackStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the background style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f9adcc47-5007-2272-92e4-dbd28a4bed31.md">BorderStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="801b580d-d5f4-2bf5-2c26-45c018374288.md">CheckedIndices</a></td>
<td>Collection of checked indexes in this KryptonCheckedListBox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="de838891-a093-e3db-e1ec-08c19629400f.md">CheckedItems</a></td>
<td>Collection of checked items in this KryptonCheckedListBox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d86d9a16-bd93-83bf-37d0-6d43b3af0df7.md">CheckOnClick</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the check box should be toggled when an item is selected.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="098b33ff-c824-bc33-5e22-014665c8fbaf.md">ContainedControl</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the contained input control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="762a4528-1f36-43c6-29a3-95a52c85f1e8.md">ContextMenuStrip</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the ContextMenuStrip associated with this control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Controls</td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7d73a3fd-adf1-aaed-bae6-0866adec3c2d.md">CornerRoundingRadius</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the corner rounding radius.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateParams</td>
<td>Gets the required creation parameters when the control handle is created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="98e39de1-3bab-b059-3cc8-a46f596783ec.md">DefaultSize</a></td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Overrides Control.DefaultSize)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the display area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dock</td>
<td>Gets or sets which control borders are docked to its parent control and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f77f144-461b-e0c7-d404-e98cb632abe2.md">EvalInvokePaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to use Invoke to force a repaint.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focused</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="16609603-bf1f-97ea-b19e-2e482efd355d.md">FormatString</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the format specifier characters that indicate how a value is to be Displayed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eb1958e3-ed40-481e-bdf0-68ca21bd730a.md">FormattingEnabled</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets if this property is true, the value of FormatString is used to convert the value of DisplayMember into a value that can be Displayed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="00551fd4-bbdd-081e-4bb3-3036a5c04db0.md">HorizontalExtent</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the width by which the horizontal scroll bar of a KryptonCheckedListBox can scroll.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d4500ccd-247b-46ac-6fd3-6d3f4b5ae407.md">HorizontalScrollbar</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether a horizontal scroll bar is Displayed in the control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b32cdcc2-7702-e421-8ffd-44fe4aace77e.md">Images</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the check box image value overrides.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aa5c8196-de46-3bb6-8508-e90994f30593.md">ItemCornerRoundingRadius</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the item corner rounding radius.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="332e63c7-cb37-9b9e-ed65-900f78481574.md">Items</a></td>
<td>Gets the items of the KryptonCheckedListBox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0c3fa0de-4e20-c6e7-9056-71be82762b85.md">ItemStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the button style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19e559e5-49d6-6837-1d3e-bd30310c9e4b.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the KryptonContextMenu to show when right clicked.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7c3e2df6-0332-0091-fc10-0bc07c524adc.md">ListBox</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the contained CheckedListBox instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the upper limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the lower limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e8e19cb-0b87-5a93-8dae-ba685ab768d3.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd0acfd2-24e3-79cc-4d0e-393dc3db77cf.md">NeedPaintPaletteDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint palette delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76de231e-1e7e-f794-8483-ddea441042ee.md">NeedTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if transparent paint is needed<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63170435-9975-544f-25a0-29a4961e860a.md">OverrideFocus</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the item appearance when it has focus.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="92f09860-43f6-7621-033a-1c643d653faf.md">Padding</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the internal padding space.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0cd21a8-cecb-c891-532e-34ba62c82f21.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41c3411b-ffb0-095e-47b4-fc6ce7c5db17.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="177219af-8f43-9c87-623d-ff4ae2155849.md">Redirector</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the palette redirector.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81eeb3c2-d939-1525-0987-b9cd7d94af7d.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a33283b7-7347-265c-c526-808fe162f632.md">ScrollAlwaysVisible</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the vertical scroll bar is shown at all times.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="26c724b5-cd78-fa4e-8de4-046398deda21.md">SelectedIndex</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the zero-based index of the currently selected item in a KryptonCheckedListBox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b367e357-3eeb-be92-f4ec-23dc6ef0456c.md">SelectedIndices</a></td>
<td>Gets a collection that contains the zero-based indexes of all currently selected items in the KryptonCheckedListBox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fdae6365-27c2-fffa-b05c-e8e00fa47f1e.md">SelectedItem</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the currently selected item in the KryptonCheckedListBox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="55322f26-123c-9651-2aa5-bfb5b1963111.md">SelectedItems</a></td>
<td>Gets a collection containing the currently selected items in the KryptonCheckedListBox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="84b62251-f0c0-f85a-02f4-7d56bfb68421.md">SelectedValue</a></td>
<td>Gets the value of the selected item in the list control, or selects the item in the list control that contains the specified value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="56a4c32c-1609-0e3a-2131-18473823d9cd.md">SelectionMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the selection mode of the KryptonCheckedListBox control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8ab41ca5-7528-860a-d915-80f29986dfe6.md">Sorted</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the items in the KryptonCheckedListBox are sorted alphabetically.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fd45eece-69b0-0551-17b9-9bd6e9bd1ad7.md">StateActive</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the active appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ef444841-bc5b-811e-4d7f-232aeb170713.md">StateCheckedNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal checked item appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ec3533e5-9aa2-71e3-d839-974b4ea8594b.md">StateCheckedPressed</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the pressed checked item appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="04fef3da-8f59-e475-0fd6-6e20762ca870.md">StateCheckedTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the hot tracking checked item appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="de283b22-96db-802f-ebe7-24b2636f09ba.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common appearance entries that other states can override.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0265a65b-9d74-2386-4c1c-e67ca2b3547e.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="64d7acba-dc0e-b21c-5340-2696163cc76c.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bb65c980-8efb-7627-7459-d85679d15640.md">StatePressed</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the pressed item appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d2bc1060-5ef6-8991-1547-fd486b37bd7d.md">StateTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the hot tracking item appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can give the focus to this control using the TAB key.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7bc15b0f-7b9c-1821-d705-0229ee9c0438.md">ToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the button content.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="97d33e82-50ff-6edc-47d6-62309c4b327f.md">TopIndex</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the index of the first visible item in the KryptonCheckedListBox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f51f7937-adcf-25ad-781c-3ae22623fe0d.md">TransparentParent</a></td>
<td>Gets the control reference that is the parent for transparent drawing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyClients(AccessibleEvents, Int32)</td>
<td>Notifies the accessibility client applications of the specified AccessibleEvents for the specified child control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyClients(AccessibleEvents, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Notifies the accessibility client applications of the specified AccessibleEvents for the specified child control .<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously with the specified arguments, on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5603fb96-b402-0894-cff4-b2c5d19d2035.md">BeginUpdate</a></td>
<td>Maintains performance while items are added to the ListBox one at a time by preventing the control from drawing until the EndUpdate method is called.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BringToFront</td>
<td>Brings the control to the front of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fc58c042-3c2d-f021-e1f5-73d489c5113d.md">CanProcessMnemonic</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating is processing of mnemonics should be allowed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ffbf6243-6dc5-7871-e3d8-7ffcddfdf32c.md">CheckPerformLayout</a></td>
<td>Check if the layout is dirty and if so perform the layout now.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a287aa14-e08d-3e17-bf58-0c7c5db14930.md">ClearSelected</a></td>
<td>Unselects all items in the KryptonCheckedListBox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Contains</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating whether the specified control is a child of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ed56ab8e-9bd7-6187-b49c-d54ecbf66607.md">ContextMenuClosed</a></td>
<td>Called when a context menu has just been closed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateAccessibilityInstance</td>
<td>Creates a new accessibility object for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateControl</td>
<td>Forces the creation of the visible control, including the creation of the handle and any visible child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="14b4f238-b88f-250b-bc65-66c5b5fb6643.md">CreateControlsInstance</a></td>
<td>Creates a new instance of the control collection for the KryptonTextBox.<br />(Overrides Control.CreateControlsInstance())</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateGraphics</td>
<td>Creates the Graphics for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateHandle</td>
<td>Creates a handle for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8ff9ba75-cc49-b4e0-76a3-ffc2a389eca5.md">CreateRedirector</a></td>
<td>Create the redirector instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="905881ec-adfd-7948-eb6d-6f60a2c6086a.md">CreateToolStripRenderer</a></td>
<td>Create a tool strip renderer appropriate for the current renderer/palette pair.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">

VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefWndProc</td>
<td>Sends the specified message to the default window procedure.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DestroyHandle</td>
<td>Destroys the handle associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="660f0bd1-03d3-b91f-ebe3-62b6935de631.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Control.<br />(Overrides <a href="614304a0-1119-91e1-968a-c42a8cc07310.md">VisualControlBase.Dispose(Boolean)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects)</td>
<td>Begins a drag-and-drop operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects, Bitmap, Point, Boolean)</td>
<td>Begins a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DrawToBitmap</td>
<td>Supports rendering to the specified bitmap.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EndInvoke</td>
<td>Retrieves the return value of the asynchronous operation represented by the IAsyncResult passed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c0dd5247-4e6d-b59b-bfc6-974df74d67bd.md">EndUpdate</a></td>
<td>Resumes painting the ListBox control after painting is suspended by the BeginUpdate method.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a493c18f-f12b-a98f-f822-27edcb84d15d.md">EvalTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to paint transparent areas.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindForm</td>
<td>Retrieves the form that the control is on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="88028e5d-4106-f17d-5433-0adffc1e3872.md">FindString(String)</a></td>
<td>Finds the first item in the list box that starts with the specified string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4a5aa8f5-d8ef-8342-4667-f7b3d799bad1.md">FindString(String, Int32)</a></td>
<td>Finds the first item after the given index which starts with the given string. The search is not case sensitive.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2fec1731-1a7c-a24f-e072-4accd9aa77e0.md">FindStringExact(String)</a></td>
<td>Finds the first item in the list box that matches the specified string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="01a84e08-0d77-30ca-85c9-be8588e2bb62.md">FindStringExact(String, Int32)</a></td>
<td>Finds the first item after the specified index that matches the specified string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2db10a33-46b2-e78c-06f6-c4d712b97ef7.md">Focus</a></td>
<td>Sets input focus to the control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4a704ca0-d3f5-749e-6c7a-6a0b99b66d81.md">ForceControlLayout</a></td>
<td>Force the layout logic to size and position the controls.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4ae48011-3a45-ca60-ec5b-10120880f702.md">ForceViewLayout</a></td>
<td>Force the control to perform a krypton layout to calculate size and positioning.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetAccessibilityObjectById</td>
<td>Retrieves the specified AccessibleObject.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating how a control will behave when its AutoSize() property is enabled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point, GetChildAtPointSkip)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates, specifying whether to ignore child controls of a certain type.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetContainerControl</td>
<td>Returns the next ContainerControl up the control's chain of parent controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d9874274-dcb3-24d9-2986-6cc0988e1006.md">GetItemChecked</a></td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether the specified item is checked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f36cffe9-fa7c-b966-1220-aa0966ad95fa.md">GetItemCheckState</a></td>
<td>Returns a value indicating the check state of the current item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="04fbe97c-1716-779b-5b30-c3d211fd7f1f.md">GetItemHeight</a></td>
<td>Returns the height of an item in the KryptonCheckedListBox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="34b1ed61-1321-9101-81ab-5ae0c5f5f019.md">GetItemRectangle</a></td>
<td>Returns the bounding rectangle for an item in the KryptonCheckedListBox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3186d7f6-f426-c5d2-5742-c045997cb633.md">GetItemText</a></td>
<td>Returns the text representation of the specified item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetNextControl</td>
<td>Retrieves the next control forward or back in the tab order of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPreferredSize</td>
<td>Retrieves the size of a rectangular area into which a control can be fitted.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetScaledBounds</td>
<td>Retrieves the bounds within which the control is scaled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="df339e5c-140a-39c1-2e89-d85a2def98bf.md">GetSelected</a></td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether the specified item is selected.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStyle</td>
<td>Retrieves the value of the specified control style bit for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTopLevel</td>
<td>Determines if the control is a top-level control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Hide</td>
<td>Conceals the control from the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f6e2d0f7-503f-f485-6364-3e5f26219df4.md">IndexFromPoint(Point)</a></td>
<td>Returns the zero-based index of the item at the specified coordinates.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d6d568da-254e-fa7b-6ace-e852584e1dfb.md">IndexFromPoint(Int32, Int32)</a></td>
<td>Returns the zero-based index of the item at the specified coordinates.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitLayout</td>
<td>Called after the control has been added to another container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate()</td>
<td>Invalidates the entire surface of the control and causes the control to be redrawn.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates a specific region of the control and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate, on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle, with the specified list of arguments.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(T)(Func(T))</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeGotFocus</td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4e4e64cb-cf30-e810-85d9-48111c6388c3.md">InvokeLayout</a></td>
<td>Request a layout be performed before any painting occurs.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeLostFocus</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeOnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokePaint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokePaintBackground</td>
<td>Raises the PaintBackground event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputChar</td>
<td>Determines if a character is an input character that the control recognizes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputKey</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified key is a regular input key or a special key that requires preprocessing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Int32)</td>
<td>Converts a Logical DPI value to its equivalent DeviceUnit DPI value.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Size)</td>
<td>Transforms a size from logical to device units by scaling it for the current DPI and rounding down to the nearest integer value for width and height.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="74fd6525-bfbe-3f74-849b-bd22402e3131.md">MarkLayoutDirty</a></td>
<td>Mark the layout as being dirty and needing to be performed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NotifyInvalidate</td>
<td>Raises the Invalidated event with a specified region of the control to invalidate.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAutoSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AutoSizeChanged() event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bf9cede5-3fe2-a75c-4109-eaab64d232c1.md">OnBackColorChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackColorChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5303eb9a-6f86-1343-5ab1-3255919f9d4a.md">OnBackgroundImageChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundImageChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0063df3d-4ce6-7d4f-cc3d-502fbd78f3ff.md">OnBackgroundImageLayoutChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageLayoutChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundImageLayoutChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageLayoutChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a5e103ba-e1f9-e850-b22d-ed7a7d0ec35f.md">OnButtonSpecChanged</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette storage of a button spec change.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="28b6a1c7-02bf-118c-53e6-79d64fb23ce7.md">OnCausesValidationChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the CausesValidationChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCausesValidationChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the CausesValidationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnChangeUICues</td>
<td>Raises the ChangeUICues event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClientSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ClientSizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ContextMenuStripChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnControlAdded</td>
<td>Raises the ControlAdded event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnControlRemoved</td>
<td>Raises the ControlRemoved event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCreateControl</td>
<td>Raises the CreateControl() method.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCursorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CursorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataContextChanged</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDockChanged</td>
<td>Raises the DockChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the DoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChangedAfterParent</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChangedAfterParent event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChangedBeforeParent</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChangedBeforeParent event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragDrop</td>
<td>Raises the DragDrop event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragEnter</td>
<td>Raises the DragEnter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragLeave</td>
<td>Raises the DragLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragOver</td>
<td>Raises the DragOver event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d64f7949-ad5a-c7a5-8699-b8e07a3d1219.md">OnEnabledChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnabledChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnter</td>
<td>Raises the Enter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9d90fee8-d4e9-5d9d-080a-3b80a55b5c4d.md">OnForeColorChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnForeColorChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="827792e1-386b-d4ad-2903-cb3c040c2942.md">OnFormat</a></td>
<td>Raises the Format event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b43bd620-7a32-3d75-818d-bcb8e075bede.md">OnFormatInfoChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the FormatInfoChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="863bdc0f-2b11-df9e-bdfd-66b3182d622f.md">OnFormatStringChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the FormatStringChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="96059c6c-9678-1ddc-21bd-7667b25e65ed.md">OnFormattingEnabledChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the FormattingEnabledChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGiveFeedback</td>
<td>Raises the GiveFeedback event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="49bcb367-aa09-f4b7-0983-0fc7a7e27188.md">OnGlobalPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the global palette has been changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="51a20250-ab64-877a-9e22-7e1fd4882ee7.md">OnGotFocus(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGotFocus(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2755f8a8-72bc-e0a1-9ea5-4f1a86a385bd.md">OnHandleCreated(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the HandleCreated event.<br />(Overrides <a href="01c734a7-a899-5bd9-1ddc-5478f8d02251.md">VisualControlBase.OnHandleCreated(EventArgs)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleCreated(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the HandleCreated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleDestroyed</td>
<td>Raises the HandleDestroyed event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHelpRequested</td>
<td>Raises the HelpRequested event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnImeModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ImeModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnInvalidated</td>
<td>Raises the Invalidated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="37272fd4-101e-d0c3-62b9-0e854909efea.md">OnItemCheck</a></td>
<td>Raises the ItemCheck event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0b765a9-ae10-5c47-844f-4cbd0720665e.md">OnKeyDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="562399ab-f214-22a5-ba83-51430bf4971a.md">OnKeyPress</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyPress event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="992e5695-361b-297d-c36b-f9dc612bca90.md">OnKeyUp</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyUp event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0fbaeb96-78f9-dd2a-0ee7-000f1fd9d04e.md">OnLayout</a></td>
<td>Raises the Layout event.<br />(Overrides <a href="6c8502cd-5367-aa6f-2498-f21022af9a9f.md">VisualControlBase.OnLayout(LayoutEventArgs)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLeave</td>
<td>Raises the Leave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLocationChanged</td>
<td>Raises the LocationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4b7ebb36-fd2a-97ca-5698-cab87f8276d9.md">OnLostFocus(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLostFocus(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMarginChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MarginChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseCaptureChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MouseCaptureChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseClick</td>
<td>Raises the MouseClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the MouseDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ad475383-1b15-a673-a877-2b0e1bd04d09.md">OnMouseDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseDown event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5588ad48-95bf-489d-11f6-ccd37ce57e22.md">OnMouseEnter(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseEnter event.<br />(Overrides <a href="ab54e6b5-6f8a-3bd9-8793-33184ba49300.md">VisualControlBase.OnMouseEnter(EventArgs)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseEnter(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the MouseEnter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseHover</td>
<td>Raises the MouseHover event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3571ff97-bb52-d011-50f5-32e7ceeec17d.md">OnMouseLeave(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseLeave event.<br />(Overrides <a href="ad55006a-05e8-12db-5467-77e9488f5337.md">VisualControlBase.OnMouseLeave(EventArgs)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseLeave(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3afd164a-6e9b-a40f-136a-e11105053ddd.md">OnMouseMove</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseMove event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="27ef0a19-e939-207f-b6bb-bda1b91100c8.md">OnMouseUp</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseUp event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseWheel</td>
<td>Raises the MouseWheel event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMove</td>
<td>Raises the Move event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6dfb0764-1934-5e9f-f765-e550fd337535.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette storage of a paint and optional layout required.<br />(Overrides <a href="14bc3016-ee14-5ed5-1427-2180d240d323.md">VisualControlBase.OnNeedPaint(Object, NeedLayoutEventArgs)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnNotifyMessage</td>
<td>Notifies the control of Windows messages.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fb9285fc-047f-0483-91da-bd12bfc9ed7b.md">OnPaddingChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the PaddingChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaddingChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the PaddingChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a283bdb7-94ef-d054-3eca-924a02536cb5.md">OnPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Overrides <a href="9101fe8a-91f2-e501-81cb-c4ee26fce530.md">VisualControlBase.OnPaint(PaintEventArgs)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaintBackground</td>
<td>Paints the background of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a9ec1c1a-5fd7-2659-c46c-57a085a823d4.md">OnPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PaletteChanged event.<br />(Overrides <a href="b604be92-5703-f85a-3bfc-d726549658ac.md">VisualControlBase.OnPaletteChanged(EventArgs)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0d67936a-d506-697a-0a85-bf720c1dfdfb.md">OnPaletteNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette of a paint and optional layout required.<br />(Overrides <a href="1f77ed8d-2c9d-15c6-02e7-38ba23468945.md">VisualControlBase.OnPaletteNeedPaint(Object, NeedLayoutEventArgs)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event when the BackColor property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event when the BackgroundImage property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event when the BindingContext property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ParentChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentCursorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CursorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentDataContextChanged</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentEnabledChanged</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event when the Enabled property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event when the Font property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event when the ForeColor property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentRightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event when the RightToLeft property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event when the Visible property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPreviewKeyDown</td>
<td>Raises the PreviewKeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPrint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnQueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Raises the QueryContinueDrag event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRegionChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RegionChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnResize</td>
<td>Raises the Resize event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3d589f45-f95b-b580-5776-9f7541e4de34.md">OnRightToLeftChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRightToLeftChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c9f00835-f1a1-900c-9fed-8c5b80d37473.md">OnSelectedIndexChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the SelectedIndexChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1000932e-3155-701d-cf62-7fd9b1528e86.md">OnSelectedValueChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the SelectedValueChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the StyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSystemColorsChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SystemColorsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTabIndexChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TabIndexChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="27781273-39aa-6c10-84e4-bd5b011ad1ad.md">OnTabStopChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the TabStop event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTabStopChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the TabStopChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="892c55ed-fa67-cfd2-3795-c6ecd6cef4cb.md">OnTextChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the TextChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTextChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the TextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63e162af-8d5d-8be8-b894-ac0bb7d3cec7.md">OnTrackMouseEnter</a></td>
<td>Raises the TrackMouseEnter event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="01c3eda8-901c-3980-ba88-cd2fe425fca1.md">OnTrackMouseLeave</a></td>
<td>Raises the TrackMouseLeave event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8976177b-201c-090f-4cef-b73e257b7c3a.md">OnUserPreferenceChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when a user preference has changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidated</td>
<td>Raises the Validated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidating</td>
<td>Raises the Validating event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6aceb63f-9ce6-400f-73c0-8dccd3fab465.md">PaintBackground</a></td>
<td>Perform background painting with the provided default values.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout()</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout(Control, String)</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="408d7ab8-85b5-a283-4721-d1229b9e1ec2.md">PerformNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToClient</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified screen point into client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified client point into screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessControlMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="14536465-5748-35e6-e1e6-2278046bda62.md">ProcessCmdKey</a></td>
<td>Processes a command key.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDialogChar</td>
<td>Processes a dialog character.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDialogKey</td>
<td>Processes a dialog key.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyEventArgs</td>
<td>Processes a key message and generates the appropriate control events.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyMessage</td>
<td>Processes a keyboard message.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyPreview</td>
<td>Previews a keyboard message.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessMnemonic</td>
<td>Processes a mnemonic character.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseDragEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate drag event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseKeyEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate key event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseMouseEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate mouse event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaisePaintEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreateHandle</td>
<td>Forces the re-creation of the handle for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToClient</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified screen rectangle in client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified client rectangle in screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Refresh</td>
<td>Forces the control to invalidate its client area and immediately redraw itself and any child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RescaleConstantsForDpi</td>
<td>Provides constants for rescaling the control when a DPI change occurs.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResetMouseEventArgs</td>
<td>Resets the control to handle the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1f2f1132-e2b2-96db-249e-26b3e471c6c9.md">ResetPalette</a></td>
<td>Resets the Palette property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cfc2bdf2-2961-70c9-3ca4-9671ed4d7ead.md">ResetPaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Resets the PaletteMode property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResetText</td>
<td>Resets the Text property to its default value (Empty).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="587b7e23-ebba-0c4c-afec-49f9b5818ec2.md">ResetToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipValues property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout()</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout(Boolean)</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic, optionally forcing an immediate layout of pending layout requests.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(ContentAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified ContentAlignment to the appropriate ContentAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(HorizontalAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified HorizontalAlignment to the appropriate HorizontalAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(LeftRightAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified LeftRightAlignment to the appropriate LeftRightAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateContent</td>
<td>Converts the specified ContentAlignment to the appropriate ContentAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateHorizontal</td>
<td>Converts the specified HorizontalAlignment to the appropriate HorizontalAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateLeftRight</td>
<td>Converts the specified LeftRightAlignment to the appropriate LeftRightAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Scale</td>
<td>Scales the control and all child controls by the specified scaling factor.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleBitmapLogicalToDevice</td>
<td>Scales a logical bitmap value to it's equivalent device unit value when a DPI change occurs.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleControl</td>
<td>Scales a control's location, size, padding and margin.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="16eaf3b8-c91b-0f57-82a4-534d1014d3f9.md">Select()</a></td>
<td>Activates the control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Select(Boolean, Boolean)</td>
<td>Activates a child control. Optionally specifies the direction in the tab order to select the control from.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectNextControl</td>
<td>Activates the next control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SendToBack</td>
<td>Sends the control to the back of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Sets a value indicating how a control will behave when its AutoSize() property is enabled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Sets the bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, BoundsSpecified)</td>
<td>Sets the specified bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBoundsCore</td>
<td>Performs the work of setting the specified bounds of this control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetClientSizeCore</td>
<td>Sets the size of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aa911625-945c-04c7-36bb-d542474642b9.md">SetFixedState</a></td>
<td>Sets the fixed state of the control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="10aabe83-913a-4f29-0ec5-252afb6c0079.md">SetItemChecked</a></td>
<td>Sets CheckState for the item at the specified index to Checked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3e8c6f4e-8b8f-d510-cfb7-bd37535c894b.md">SetItemCheckState</a></td>
<td>Sets the check state of the item at the specified index.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e6795278-c901-300e-b1a9-9d098ceed2d7.md">SetSelected</a></td>
<td>Selects or clears the selection for the specified item in a KryptonCheckedListBox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetStyle</td>
<td>Sets a specified ControlStyles flag to either true or false.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetTopLevel</td>
<td>Sets the control as the top-level control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetVisibleCore</td>
<td>Sets the control to the specified visible state.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Show</td>
<td>Displays the control to the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeFromClientSize</td>
<td>Determines the size of the entire control from the height and width of its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SuspendLayout</td>
<td>Temporarily suspends the layout logic for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Update</td>
<td>Causes the control to redraw the invalidated regions within its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds()</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the current size and location.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the specified size and location.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the specified size, location, and client size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="07a40314-0c37-654b-e81b-68809af7c653.md">UpdateGlobalEvents</a></td>
<td>Update global event attachments.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateStyles</td>
<td>Forces the assigned styles to be reapplied to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateZOrder</td>
<td>Updates the control in its parent's z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c92eebae-5bbc-c727-fc44-87f0050670fa.md">ViewFromPoint</a></td>
<td>Gets the view associated with the provided client location.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c89c6762-2360-110f-0663-c171d03d5777.md">WndProc</a></td>
<td>Process Windows-based messages.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>BackColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackColor property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackgroundImage property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageLayoutChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the BackgroundImageLayout property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BindingContext property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidationChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the CausesValidation property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ChangeUICues</td>
<td>Occurs when the focus or keyboard user interface (UI) cues change.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Click</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is clicked.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ClientSize property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ContextMenuStrip property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlAdded</td>
<td>Occurs when a new control is added to the Control.ControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlRemoved</td>
<td>Occurs when a control is removed from the Control.ControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CursorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Cursor property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DataContext property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DockChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Dock property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is double-clicked.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DpiChangedAfterParent</td>
<td>Occurs when the DPI setting for a control is changed programmatically after the DPI of its parent control or form has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DpiChangedBeforeParent</td>
<td>Occurs when the DPI setting for a control is changed programmatically before a DPI change event for its parent control or form has occurred.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragDrop</td>
<td>Occurs when a drag-and-drop operation is completed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged into the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged out of the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragOver</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged over the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EnabledChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Enabled property value has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enter</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is entered.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Font property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ForeColor property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a8fb2f78-1ace-ed39-0bdd-adf778ccdf94.md">Format</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the property of a control is bound to a data value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c94031cd-b87a-2548-19e1-f3e996fe01a2.md">FormatInfoChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the FormatInfo property changes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2b1039b0-994d-7266-c9b6-cd1136b766f3.md">FormatStringChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the FormatString property changes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="94cf00a5-4525-9436-40f8-322d28a159e6.md">FormattingEnabledChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the FormattingEnabled property changes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GiveFeedback</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="86b6b593-be64-74e5-9b90-1c294818dd61.md">GlobalPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the Global palette changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GotFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the control receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HandleCreated</td>
<td>Occurs when a handle is created for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HandleDestroyed</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's handle is in the process of being destroyed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HelpRequested</td>
<td>Occurs when the user requests help for a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ImeMode property has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidated</td>
<td>Occurs when a control's display requires redrawing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b2365c7c-d963-3f80-5a81-36742dbb220b.md">ItemCheck</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the SelectedIndex property changes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyDown</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is pressed while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyPress</td>
<td>Occurs when a character. space or backspace key is pressed while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyUp</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is released while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Layout</td>
<td>Occurs when a control should reposition its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Leave</td>
<td>Occurs when the input focus leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LocationChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Location property value has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LostFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the control loses focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MarginChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's margin changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseCaptureChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control loses mouse capture.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is clicked by the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is double clicked by the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDown</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the control and a mouse button is pressed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer enters the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseHover</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer rests on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseMove</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is moved over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseUp</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the control and a mouse button is released.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseWheel</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse wheel moves while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Move</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is moved.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PaddingChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's padding changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Paint</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is redrawn.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="32d43992-02c5-c372-c8ca-601d1a133690.md">PaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the palette changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ParentChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Parent property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreviewKeyDown</td>
<td>Occurs before the KeyDown event when a key is pressed while focus is on this control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryAccessibilityHelp</td>
<td>Occurs when AccessibleObject is providing help to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag-and-drop operation and enables the drag source to determine whether the drag-and-drop operation should be canceled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RegionChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Region property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Resize</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the RightToLeft property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="21deec66-9e6b-c6ab-51d2-289de0e720dc.md">SelectedIndexChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the SelectedIndex property changes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="01877a95-6d80-5bc9-bf00-3096be8922ae.md">SelectedValueChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the SelectedValue property changes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Size property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control style changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SystemColorsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the system colors change.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndexChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the TabIndex property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStopChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the TabStop property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Text property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="996e9e6a-8da7-01a9-8ba0-203d2d0e18e4.md">TrackMouseEnter</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse enters the control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6b38c0ed-c3d6-733f-36bb-09835874db5a.md">TrackMouseLeave</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse leaves the control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validated</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is finished validating.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validating</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is validating.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VisibleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Visible property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="ec29487f-dfd2-5e9c-83e3-814fc9eb177b.md">visualBasePopupToolTip</a></td>
<td><br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
