# KryptonProgressBarToolStripItem Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CreateAccessibilityInstance</td>
<td>Creates a new accessibility object for the control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the ToolStripControlHost and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects)</td>
<td>Begins a drag-and-drop operation.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects, Bitmap, Point, Boolean)</td>
<td>Begins a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focus</td>
<td>Gives the focus to a control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCurrentParent</td>
<td>Retrieves the ToolStrip that is the container of the current ToolStripItem.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPreferredSize</td>
<td>Retrieves the size of a rectangular area into which a control can be fitted.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate()</td>
<td>Invalidates the entire surface of the ToolStripItem and causes it to be redrawn.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the ToolStripItem by adding it to the update region of the ToolStripItem, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation, and causes a paint message to be sent to the ToolStripItem.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputChar</td>
<td>Determines whether a character is an input character that the item recognizes.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputKey</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified key is a regular input key or a special key that requires preprocessing.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAvailableChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AvailableChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from BindableComponent)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBoundsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Bounds property changes.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCommandCanExecuteChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CommandCanExecuteChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCommandChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CommandChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCommandParameterChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CommandParameterChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDisplayStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the DisplayStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the DoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragDrop</td>
<td>Raises the DragDrop event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragEnter</td>
<td>Raises the DragEnter event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragLeave</td>
<td>Raises the DragLeave event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragOver</td>
<td>Raises the DragOver event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnabledChanged</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnter</td>
<td>Raises the Enter event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGiveFeedback</td>
<td>Raises the GiveFeedback event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGotFocus</td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHostedControlResize</td>
<td>Synchronizes the resizing of the control host with the resizing of the hosted control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnKeyDown</td>
<td>Raises the KeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnKeyPress</td>
<td>Raises the KeyPress event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnKeyUp</td>
<td>Raises the KeyUp event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLayout</td>
<td>Raises the Layout event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLeave</td>
<td>Raises the Leave event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLocationChanged</td>
<td>Raises the LocationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLostFocus</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseDown</td>
<td>Raises the MouseDown event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseEnter</td>
<td>Raises the MouseEnter event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseHover</td>
<td>Raises the MouseHover event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseLeave</td>
<td>Raises the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseMove</td>
<td>Raises the MouseMove event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseUp</td>
<td>Raises the MouseUp event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnOwnerChanged</td>
<td>Raises the OwnerChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnOwnerFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event when the Font property has changed on the parent of the ToolStripItem.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ParentChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentEnabledChanged</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event when the Enabled property value of the item's container changes.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentRightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnQueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Raises the QueryContinueDrag event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRequestCommandExecute</td>
<td>Called in the context of OnClick(EventArgs) to invoke Execute(Object) if the context allows.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSubscribeControlEvents</td>
<td>Subscribes events from the hosted control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnUnsubscribeControlEvents</td>
<td>Unsubscribes events from the hosted control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidated</td>
<td>Raises the Validated event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidating</td>
<td>Raises the Validating event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformClick</td>
<td>Generates a Click event for a ToolStripItem.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessCmdKey</td>
<td>Processes a command key.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDialogKey</td>
<td>Processes a dialog key.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessMnemonic</td>
<td>Processes a mnemonic character.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Select</td>
<td>Selects the item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds</td>
<td>Sets the size and location of the item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetVisibleCore</td>
<td>Sets the ToolStripItem to the specified visible state.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="d083c0c8-bbdc-278e-e8d3-138bef189038.md">KryptonProgressBarToolStripItem Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
