# ToolkitStringValues Class


Access 'Global' Krypton string settings.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
[TypeConverterAttribute(typeof(ExpandableObjectConverter))]
public class ToolkitStringValues : Storage
```
**VB**
``` VB
<TypeConverterAttribute(GetType(ExpandableObjectConverter))>
Public Class ToolkitStringValues
	Inherits Storage
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>  →  ToolkitStringValues</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="1907695b-2a7f-3f74-ad6b-75c2b12f13f1.md">ToolkitStringValues</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the ToolkitStringValues class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="54fc646a-95a2-775c-9b6d-be00c29dc532.md">BackStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the back style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="87a42ae4-75aa-d587-effe-1fd977270940.md">BorderStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the border style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1dd3b45e-4c66-3a64-fdac-9c5178bc453b.md">ButtonOrientationStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the button orientation strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c1380ae7-2e72-7412-e629-feb5d9a33e6c.md">ButtonSpecStyles</a></td>
<td>Gets the button spec styles.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="faf1ac99-1cca-cb65-9245-643098f18d4b.md">ButtonStyles</a></td>
<td>Gets the spec style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c6d990b2-7eaa-714a-a124-0b4b7c9366ce.md">ButtonStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the button spec style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eaa1b750-79b3-9028-22a4-165f5b996d57.md">ColorStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the color strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f1338047-93e9-0d60-0d6a-1a5968cd7924.md">ContentStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the content style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="90eae511-34c4-276f-4573-59aa91b72799.md">CustomStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the custom toolkit strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="02c42e5c-f0b0-1f59-0d62-f658545640a1.md">CustomToolkitStrings</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5580fead-c95c-0e3a-3f30-c6fd5f2a0fd1.md">DataGridViewStyles</a></td>
<td>Gets the grid view style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f0134dd7-8c73-8735-5007-1ba3db6a674e.md">DataGridViewStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the data grid view style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d1688893-792a-49e9-029f-a4956f2a8972.md">GeneralStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the general toolkit strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e20bddee-7a18-2b0b-667f-b9d7aeb6bef3.md">GeneralToolkitStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0d664a7e-71ab-0493-c82a-a2214b39afb0.md">GlobalColorStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the global color strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="24f13e50-efb7-2a5e-0a6e-2a520644685c.md">GridStyles</a></td>
<td>Gets the style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="50ac2706-4093-005f-f8f4-f3ab326c7377.md">GridStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the grid style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="34c2bb5d-4a11-02be-db69-b6ae85dd425a.md">GroupCollapsedTargetStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the group collapsed target strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e1b0928b-e2ee-0d7e-c27c-e69d47b9f378.md">HeaderGroupCollapsedTargetStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the header group collapsed target strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="99cd5513-ee92-4755-2cbf-b45a0bd6353f.md">HeaderStyles</a></td>
<td>Gets the header styles.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6b7723db-f4e5-92c3-e2c9-d1c49c48bec4.md">HeaderStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the header style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="feba34cb-0684-5437-54ba-e854caf72edd.md">ImageEffectStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the image effect strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="24e4c6cb-e8c5-12d3-8dee-508229536df5.md">ImageStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the image style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d18f232f-b2f6-47d3-6904-f725d1edee94.md">InputControlStyles</a></td>
<td>Gets the input control styles.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="08235785-29bf-a24d-57a5-9fcdab1c8bc8.md">InputControlStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the input control style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d81f7057-e263-74d1-cd1a-c84cb69432a4.md">IntegratedToolBarStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the integrated toolbar button strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="087d14b4-090c-f5df-71db-a6d0339a5bde.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td><br />(Overrides <a href="bbc0e831-9474-3bce-65dc-0625d793d8c1.md">Storage.IsDefault</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8304e497-e9af-b42e-8a18-056dbc0d7cf2.md">KryptonLabelStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the krypton label style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c7a7082b-7f3b-f80a-13cc-a92e14b5fb48.md">KryptonLinkBehaviorStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the link behavior style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b5e3e56a-67dc-aa3a-599a-c9af0b1cb7e1.md">KryptonScrollBarStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the scrollbar strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4e10a566-6c59-a982-6a82-67f7662d4c21.md">LabelStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the link style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f1efa631-3ffb-0fa9-0457-dce03a2be421.md">LinkBehaviorStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the link behavior strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2ba4b98e-4ff4-501a-ec6f-34b7e4490c74.md">ModeStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the mode strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="097a0f47-e60c-4bf7-802c-8391c6d8feff.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="879ca7f2-32c5-8581-44f2-c7aee6491db2.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7112a3da-c62b-f6db-aa18-168c53945e69.md">PaletteBackStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the palette back style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="334d5556-0fc8-a7f6-c58b-5fc8a0f3e3d8.md">PaletteBorderStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the palette border style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c8a950ed-79d3-0991-d49b-e4b7209098c6.md">PaletteButtonOrientationStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the palette button orientation strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="564f2c20-26e5-d67f-7624-8f5680f2c222.md">PaletteButtonSpecStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the palette button spec style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19e9cb8e-82c1-a31d-76b6-9dbd03e79a05.md">PaletteButtonStyles</a></td>
<td>Gets the button style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e9124815-2bcb-0f68-3c6e-7700ba82603d.md">PaletteButtonStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the palette button style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c7462c14-34d1-a3c8-b3b5-70954f36e86b.md">PaletteContentStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the palette content style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="32d3276d-a662-0e27-8d6f-845ea3e3a68f.md">PaletteImageEffectStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the image effect strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7a532e89-0cd0-133c-aa68-a8fb6c899803.md">PaletteImageStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the image style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ba5bacc6-2a98-9bde-3df0-b435afc9bb48.md">PaletteModeStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the palette mode strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="78ef6145-52d3-d66f-bc5a-6f9bcf0034ff.md">PaletteTextTrimStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the palette text trim strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="16174783-3d9e-7bde-5255-fd8fb814deb5.md">PlacementMode</a></td>
<td>Gets the placement mode strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7bd2b3fc-3583-1ef0-8d99-48fcadbf4805.md">PlacementModeStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the placement mode strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ee0b0a88-60d5-c7f6-b9a6-76cff0980c8b.md">ScrollBarStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the scroll bar strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fa1e7e84-676b-8478-038f-51df76b07060.md">SeparatorStyles</a></td>
<td>Gets the separator styles.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ecb544b3-cdc0-3daf-cf55-c443a940665c.md">SeparatorStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the separator style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="813ce5fd-483b-64e7-7291-92fb6ff98058.md">TabBorderStyles</a></td>
<td>Gets the tab border styles.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f7cb4968-1f4d-018a-5a1f-d63f0b8f0497.md">TabBorderStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the tab border style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f1ebd47b-94d4-7a7c-b6c9-ad5def08d0c5.md">TabStyles</a></td>
<td>Gets the tab styles.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="241e4686-e429-105c-f3c3-2eb614cf88bb.md">TabStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the tab style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d5c8fbf8-e5f3-edef-7b37-76249719df40.md">TextTrimStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the text trim strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f410e717-e84e-af66-0291-f15063284630.md">ToolBarStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the tool bar strings.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b589c65d-7953-f549-487b-3f81108be992.md">Reset</a></td>
<td>Resets this instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="89125447-7146-8d24-8761-9e96b3c4743d.md">ResetButtonSpecStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the button spec style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="14af1ff3-ab88-2461-2d4f-0b6b6fb028ad.md">ResetColorStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the color strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="abb98ded-2acb-e9fa-53b9-ca87d2b29bff.md">ResetCustomStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the custom strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7415546c-8968-e066-e351-9cc44997281b.md">ResetDataGridViewStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the data grid view style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="059c8ad3-9812-9228-d320-463bd0efbfc0.md">ResetGeneralStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the general strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5914a77a-ab90-5432-ef21-e9f8a5b9d8b6.md">ResetGridStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the grid style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="da67d153-9edc-ab87-6cc9-26c351098249.md">ResetHeaderGroupCollapsedTargetStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the header group collapsed target strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2f12859c-9a25-0946-bd11-56a69e80c23d.md">ResetHeaderStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the header style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b11c4b81-c85f-c5e8-e5ca-11e97242c61b.md">ResetInputControlStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the input control style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7a36cfbf-978a-2836-32fd-2b6ac538b0ea.md">ResetIntegratedToolBarStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the integrated tool bar strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c78a6f83-9062-c61a-e1ef-9057fb9c9f44.md">ResetKryptonLinkBehaviorStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the krypton link behavior strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="57923bd1-274f-3298-5fa7-3b2ad41dc961.md">ResetKryptonScrollBarStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the krypton scroll bar strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="05c7a488-0d9d-b87f-db42-34e648167961.md">ResetLabelStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the label style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71cc5f28-f674-4016-6a9d-efe9832ac731.md">ResetPaletteBackStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the palette back style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8d97954f-34b9-ceeb-fec9-03a9f32c1f00.md">ResetPaletteBorderStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the palette border style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="73ccf9ab-b2a7-5f64-4727-022fe16f6c2b.md">ResetPaletteButtonOrientationStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the palette button orientation strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e910a17e-f855-617d-5c69-3e564d2076e5.md">ResetPaletteButtonSpecStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the palette button spec style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e1e559b-b452-0a52-4555-cc92c869d397.md">ResetPaletteContentStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the palette content style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b61a07c9-217b-a549-c4cc-6959b42d1eeb.md">ResetPaletteImageEffectStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the palette image effect strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2f2a21b7-b3d7-db93-3a71-9a8f986d6f0d.md">ResetPaletteImageStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the palette image style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="04b190c5-3b0c-e92b-a602-6c42ff51ddc2.md">ResetPaletteModeStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the palette mode strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a2f4dc4c-c31a-450a-1fa7-803de9ff8da1.md">ResetPaletteTextTrimStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the palette text trim strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3d8a6ade-1ce8-53d3-a24e-956a2ea3bcfa.md">ResetPlacementModeStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the placement mode strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b919d397-1f64-0572-bf9d-b2b551262f18.md">ResetSeparatorStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the separator style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1a854013-d443-b0ee-31c9-26e9a917633a.md">ResetTabBorderStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the tab border style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8786d514-994c-7f58-bd3e-c6bda2acdbf5.md">ResetTabStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the tab style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f1add114-9ce4-f248-379c-980a3ee44347.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Converts to string.<br />(Overrides <a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">Storage.ToString()</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
