# ButtonStyleStrings Class


Exposes the set of ButtonStyleConverter strings used within Krypton and that are localizable.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
[TypeConverterAttribute(typeof(ExpandableObjectConverter))]
public class ButtonStyleStrings : GlobalId
```
**VB**
``` VB
<TypeConverterAttribute(GetType(ExpandableObjectConverter))>
Public Class ButtonStyleStrings
	Inherits GlobalId
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  ButtonStyleStrings</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="b6d585b9-5e5b-1856-e313-9fafc0e59998.md">ButtonStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the ButtonStyleStrings class</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="7c539838-aecc-5118-835c-775334c53174.md">Alternate</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the alternate button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="13fbfef9-b0ae-0cbb-de83-10d6d27ece9b.md">BreadCrumb</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the bread crumb button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="db8bd462-247c-64d8-9442-6c10bd33caab.md">ButtonSpec</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the buttonspec button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="98ab6eea-5568-98a3-577d-4f2f47ed9db4.md">CalendarDay</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the calendar day button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a541ff2f-2c69-5a2e-6100-05e5b52a8fc7.md">Cluster</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the cluster button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6f7677b0-1d2e-aef0-3552-9f396851e803.md">Command</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the command button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4fcd9d52-8e33-c590-8926-d1bf88c144f9.md">CustomOne</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom 1 button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76a3aa31-051f-fe27-1704-07aeafb1e143.md">CustomThree</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom 3 button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="68e113b7-2544-1dc9-4c20-d892dca81c68.md">CustomTwo</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom 2 button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9d6c6eab-59a4-9a08-fa12-9b9d4d3e0ead.md">Form</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the form button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ed6edd69-6131-4c94-1ee4-de49fcb1b78d.md">FormClose</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the form close button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd90c63d-00d0-e249-58ba-f58fb2e967fa.md">Gallery</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the gallery button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b2c80abc-9f65-0eab-14dd-e2f3e89cbad4.md">InputControl</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the input control button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c9ededc9-84c1-e494-c993-fe1b0cebd5e1.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="73906496-bee2-a2a7-19f7-66ba8c026c53.md">ListItem</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the list item button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9f68c16a-92e4-064f-3def-1758baec0634.md">LowProfile</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the low profile button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5291eef1-17b4-606a-973f-2201341c1139.md">NavigatorMini</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the navigator mini button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="096f9c68-24f9-b75b-34a6-ded47f955afd.md">NavigatorOverflow</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the navigator overflow button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c2fa1c8b-ae96-aa29-f722-2de5c1ebeb14.md">NavigatorStack</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the navigator stack button spec style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6626ed05-722e-c0c6-e500-34a4a4ba92a5.md">Standalone</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the standalone button spec style string.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e519732b-d6b5-c04f-1983-6a67d41a7aac.md">Reset</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8a75e55d-dc3d-76ba-ee9f-ceea89d62db0.md">ToString</a></td>
<td><br />(Overrides Object.ToString())</td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="5d149712-3f32-5d1b-adea-a21afe4991b4.md">DEFAULT_BUTTON_SPEC_STYLE_STANDALONE</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
