# KryptonPaletteTMSMenu Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="29c2c45f-06f2-abdc-5b70-568b256bf6e5.md">ImageMarginGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the starting color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19b64bc6-6ce4-e298-7d61-36d2a173f56e.md">ImageMarginGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ending color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="272861fa-339c-241a-db87-037c5e8fc7d3.md">ImageMarginGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the middle color color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="17475e8c-1cb7-a0f4-c774-e41ba3607505.md">ImageMarginRevealedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the starting color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu when an item is revealed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="358a7348-9403-fdca-d43c-91cc674316bf.md">ImageMarginRevealedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ending color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu when an item is revealed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="30a20c80-05f1-d282-df24-508d11cb8835.md">ImageMarginRevealedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the middle color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu when an item is revealed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bbb846df-ead4-f73e-0b2e-9330a44832b2.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all values are default.<br />(Overrides <a href="bbc0e831-9474-3bce-65dc-0625d793d8c1.md">Storage.IsDefault</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="147e5bc8-f75a-7dde-3d7a-af5c989bed7c.md">MenuBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the color that is the border color to use on a MenuStrip.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e9223df1-2870-0b1a-15b4-15efa2c297d5.md">MenuItemBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border color to use with a ToolStripMenuItem.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e7a82910-02a1-5878-92c5-da750f479fac.md">MenuItemPressedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the starting color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="73551254-836e-8894-e502-b5fffdb4c9f3.md">MenuItemPressedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ending color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c8106c3c-ec53-a6ad-1542-17640d043bec.md">MenuItemPressedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the middle color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b0717821-5961-d188-8624-c98e1312b740.md">MenuItemSelected</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the solid color to use when a ToolStripMenuItem other than the top-level ToolStripMenuItem is selected.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2d811c57-1884-54a2-d40d-337388a567f7.md">MenuItemSelectedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the starting color of the gradient used when the ToolStripMenuItem is selected.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="32909486-db12-8f39-f815-3a36a1b9c3c1.md">MenuItemSelectedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ending color of the gradient used when the ToolStripMenuItem is selected.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="355936e3-11c7-760d-3b8d-bea52cc9a718.md">MenuItemText</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the color to draw text for individual menu items.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="097a0f47-e60c-4bf7-802c-8391c6d8feff.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="879ca7f2-32c5-8581-44f2-c7aee6491db2.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="b46b5304-526b-95e9-69b2-b07d33185421.md">KryptonPaletteTMSMenu Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
