# GroupButtonType Class


Specifies the type of operation for a group button.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Ribbon (in Krypton.Ribbon.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public sealed class GroupButtonType : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public NotInheritable Class GroupButtonType
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  GroupButtonType</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="955eee8f-1e5e-6b26-5bdb-c10cc01d82dd.md">Check</a></td>
<td>Specifies a check button that toggles between checked and not checked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f1495972-85c6-119a-d420-3b7be7a5ae6e.md">DropDown</a></td>
<td>Specifies a button that when pressed shows a drop down.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ce75148c-4204-d79e-3e64-6e411abaf94a.md">Push</a></td>
<td>Specifies a simple push button operation.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="26b2cdea-a769-fabd-9837-c96218921a56.md">Split</a></td>
<td>Specifies a button that is split between push area and drop down area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ca5c1a81-f88a-2b0c-f070-099ef258d6d2.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon Namespace</a>  
