# KryptonDataGridViewNumericUpDownCell Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the DataGridViewCell.DataGridViewCellAccessibleObject assigned to the DataGridViewCell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7f4ba879-bed4-84c0-1b09-34ef5ac6b587.md">AllowDecimals</a></td>
<td>The AllowDecimals property replicates the one from the KryptonNumericUpDown control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnIndex</td>
<td>Gets the column index for this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContentBounds</td>
<td>Gets the bounding rectangle that encloses the cell's content area.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStrip</td>
<td>Gets or sets the shortcut menu associated with the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataGridView</td>
<td>Gets the DataGridView control associated with this element.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5b524685-23f4-dddf-9b45-f4f002e12314.md">DecimalPlaces</a></td>
<td>The DecimalPlaces property replicates the one from the KryptonNumericUpDown control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultNewRowValue</td>
<td>Gets the default value for a cell in the row for new records.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Displayed</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the cell is currently displayed on-screen.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EditedFormattedValue</td>
<td>Gets the current, formatted value of the cell, regardless of whether the cell is in edit mode and the value has not been committed.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="87c0d482-4ba5-2688-919c-99d51ae00a06.md">EditType</a></td>
<td>Define the type of the cell's editing control<br />(Overrides DataGridViewCell.EditType)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ErrorIconBounds</td>
<td>Gets the bounds of the error icon for the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ErrorText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the text describing an error condition associated with the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FormattedValue</td>
<td>Gets the value of the cell as formatted for display.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FormattedValueType</td>
<td>Gets the type of the formatted value associated with the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewTextBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Frozen</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the cell is frozen.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasStyle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the Style property has been set.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a7e3e338-4fe8-205c-a937-2cc7a6cfb0fc.md">Hexadecimal</a></td>
<td>Indicates wheather the numeric up-down should display its value in hexadecimal.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="21df0c1e-fc41-af95-8311-873eba1d30de.md">Increment</a></td>
<td>The Increment property replicates the one from the KryptonNumericUpDown control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InheritedState</td>
<td>Gets the current state of the cell as inherited from the state of its row and column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InheritedStyle</td>
<td>Gets the style currently applied to the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInEditMode</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this cell is currently being edited.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e468b173-5fec-7951-e169-667bc12bd858.md">Maximum</a></td>
<td>The Maximum property replicates the one from the KryptonNumericUpDown control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaxInputLength</td>
<td>Gets or sets the maximum number of characters that can be entered into the text box.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewTextBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e90cd94e-eebf-5464-8c11-95ed043681a7.md">Minimum</a></td>
<td>The Minimum property replicates the one from the KryptonNumericUpDown control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OwningColumn</td>
<td>Gets the column that contains this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OwningRow</td>
<td>Gets the row that contains this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size, in pixels, of a rectangular area into which the cell can fit.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ReadOnly</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the cell's data can be edited.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Resizable</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the cell can be resized.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowIndex</td>
<td>Gets the index of the cell's parent row.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Selected</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the cell has been selected.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets the size of the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>State</td>
<td>Gets the user interface (UI) state of the element.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Style</td>
<td>Gets or sets the style for the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains supplemental data about the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="40ff3ea7-5b77-f1cc-baef-0db3b811211a.md">ThousandsSeparator</a></td>
<td>The ThousandsSeparator property replicates the one from the KryptonNumericUpDown control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolTipText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ToolTip text associated with this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6ac2470c-108f-8097-3002-859461181757.md">TrailingZeroes</a></td>
<td>The TrailingZeroes property replicates the one from the KryptonNumericUpDown control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Value</td>
<td>Gets or sets the value associated with this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cc178d01-8c30-f0d2-3ae1-351c4db13bd4.md">ValueType</a></td>
<td>Returns the type of the cell's Value property<br />(Overrides DataGridViewTextBoxCell.ValueType)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the cell is in a row or column that has been hidden.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="da662690-15df-824b-9286-8849d5edc80d.md">KryptonDataGridViewNumericUpDownCell Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
