# BarItemSizing Class


Specifies the how the size of each bar item is calculated.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Navigator (in Krypton.Navigator.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
[TypeConverterAttribute(typeof(BarItemSizingConverter))]
public sealed class BarItemSizing : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
<TypeConverterAttribute(GetType(BarItemSizingConverter))>
Public NotInheritable Class BarItemSizing
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  BarItemSizing</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="d3562589-17d0-dc69-addf-e75f2ad188d7.md">Individual</a></td>
<td>Specifies each item has its own calculated size.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8c13e65f-4f1a-77d9-bb52-f7a681002dee.md">SameHeight</a></td>
<td>Specifies all items have the same height but individual width.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="73f62df3-e41b-c427-3aca-e09a9131ae09.md">SameWidth</a></td>
<td>Specifies all items have the same width but individual height.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2dc60026-0bda-1f80-7b15-9231dc2bf8ac.md">SameWidthAndHeight</a></td>
<td>Specifies all items have the same with and height.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="023291fa-e95d-fd60-47fc-448fb8649d4b.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
