# KryptonSpace.CachedCellState Class


State cached per-cell within the workspace.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="98399376-cf41-9454-4b4d-4fab2ca20bc7.md">Krypton.Docking</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Docking (in Krypton.Docking.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+build2023-10-14T12:58:55:711Z

**C#**
``` C#
protected class CachedCellState
```
**VB**
``` VB
Protected Class CachedCellState
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  KryptonSpace.CachedCellState</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="d32f3148-c969-60c0-3888-b773983e5191.md">KryptonSpace.CachedCellState</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the KryptonSpace.CachedCellState class</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="6b535cde-bd65-f6c8-e017-642acc6f8dce.md">Cell</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the workspace cell for which this state relates.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bc01609f-bdd8-372b-a522-29c727c99bba.md">CloseButtonSpec</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the button spec used to represent a close button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a69a1bd3-a330-721d-296f-594cf5515ee0.md">DropDownButtonSpec</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the button spec used to represent a drop down button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6a0ed6db-4a6a-3227-b379-3560d2da8d91.md">FocusState</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the focus state of the cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f9884603-2559-0aad-9bb0-4657ff699399.md">PinButtonSpec</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the button spec used to represent a pin button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1a04dda5-548d-c1e9-f851-1a3278b99ac3.md">SelectedPage</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the selected page.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="98399376-cf41-9454-4b4d-4fab2ca20bc7.md">Krypton.Docking Namespace</a>  
