# KryptonNavigatorDesigner Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>AddPaddingSnapLines</td>
<td>Adds padding snaplines.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a01a0594-2540-ae27-cde7-830292c23569.md">AddPage</a></td>
<td>Add a new page to the navigator.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BaseWndProc</td>
<td>Processes Windows messages.<br />(Inherited from ControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanAddComponent</td>
<td>Called when a component is added to the parent container.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanBeParentedTo</td>
<td>Indicates if this designer's control can be parented by the control of the specified designer.<br />(Inherited from ControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0512a754-6cbf-1a95-61a7-b105fa28f096.md">CanParent(Control)</a></td>
<td>Indicates whether the specified control can be a child of the control managed by a designer.<br />(Overrides ParentControlDesigner.CanParent(Control))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanParent(ControlDesigner)</td>
<td>Indicates whether the control managed by the specified designer can be a child of the control managed by this designer.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4dbba555-b927-d8d7-0b13-d5f5d3a7247f.md">ClearPages</a></td>
<td>Remove all pages from the navigator.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateTool(ToolboxItem)</td>
<td>Creates a component or control from the specified tool and adds it to the current design document.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateTool(ToolboxItem, Point)</td>
<td>Creates a component or control from the specified tool and adds it to the current design document at the specified location.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateTool(ToolboxItem, Rectangle)</td>
<td>Creates a component or control from the specified tool and adds it to the current design document within the bounds of the specified rectangle.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateToolCore</td>
<td>Provides core functionality for all the CreateTool(ToolboxItem) methods.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefWndProc</td>
<td>Provides default processing for Windows messages.<br />(Inherited from ControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayError</td>
<td>Displays information about the specified exception to the user.<br />(Inherited from ControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the ComponentDesigner.<br />(Inherited from ComponentDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="42334728-80a1-dc51-e25b-84ffd215ab7f.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the component.<br />(Overrides ParentControlDesigner.Dispose(Boolean))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDefaultAction</td>
<td>Creates a method signature in the source code file for the default event on the component and navigates the user's cursor to that location.<br />(Inherited from ComponentDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EnableDesignMode</td>
<td>Enables design time functionality for a child control.<br />(Inherited from ControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EnableDragDrop</td>
<td>Enables or disables drag-and-drop support for the control being designed.<br />(Inherited from ControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetControl</td>
<td>Gets the control from the designer of the specified component.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetControlGlyph</td>
<td>Gets a body glyph that represents the bounds of the control.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetGlyphs</td>
<td>Gets a collection of Glyph objects representing the selection borders and grab handles for a standard control.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7bf59a3d-60fc-3b31-6726-837322778090.md">GetHitTest</a></td>
<td>Indicates whether a mouse click at the specified point should be handled by the control.<br />(Overrides ControlDesigner.GetHitTest(Point))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetParentForComponent</td>
<td>Used by deriving classes to determine if it returns the control being designed or some other Container while adding a component to it.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Attempts to retrieve the specified type of service from the design mode site of the designer's component.<br />(Inherited from ComponentDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetUpdatedRect</td>
<td>Updates the position of the specified rectangle, adjusting it for grid alignment if grid alignment mode is enabled.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HookChildControls</td>
<td>Routes messages from the child controls of the specified control to the designer.<br />(Inherited from ControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b7def871-12a9-cd92-8bc4-3cc0c20536a9.md">Initialize</a></td>
<td>Initializes the designer with the specified component.<br />(Overrides ParentControlDesigner.Initialize(IComponent))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeExistingComponent</td>
<td>Re-initializes an existing component.<br />(Inherited from ControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c9dd0bf8-cb5a-fd91-b07b-04767069dc86.md">InitializeNewComponent(IDictionary)</a></td>
<td>Initializes a newly created component.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeNewComponent(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Initializes a newly created component.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeNonDefault</td>
<td>Initializes the settings for an imported component that is already initialized to settings other than the defaults.<br />(Inherited from ComponentDesigner)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="86402dac-2a10-4b2a-3e77-581950284d83.md">InternalControlDesigner</a></td>
<td>Returns the internal control designer with the specified index in the ControlDesigner.<br />(Overrides ControlDesigner.InternalControlDesigner(Int32))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeGetInheritanceAttribute</td>
<td>Gets the InheritanceAttribute of the specified ComponentDesigner.<br />(Inherited from ComponentDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1979d316-9c2d-5e89-641d-b85dd881d64f.md">NumberOfInternalControlDesigners</a></td>
<td>Returns the number of internal control designers in the ControlDesigner.<br />(Overrides ControlDesigner.NumberOfInternalControlDesigners())</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="606206a6-47f5-5e4c-6bc1-85561e2eeacb.md">OnComponentRemoving</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the component is being removed from the designer.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnContextMenu</td>
<td>Shows the context menu and provides an opportunity to perform additional processing when the context menu is about to be displayed.<br />(Inherited from ControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCreateHandle</td>
<td>Provides an opportunity to perform additional processing immediately after the control handle has been created.<br />(Inherited from ControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragComplete</td>
<td>Called in order to clean up a drag-and-drop operation.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c8c0dea2-b471-8661-ebd4-a25bdf5e4237.md">OnDragDrop</a></td>
<td>Called when a drag-and-drop object is dropped onto the control designer view.<br />(Overrides ParentControlDesigner.OnDragDrop(DragEventArgs))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="431d7b5a-d372-7bcb-3d98-c4c7fb27d15d.md">OnDragEnter</a></td>
<td>Called when a drag-and-drop operation enters the control designer view.<br />(Overrides ParentControlDesigner.OnDragEnter(DragEventArgs))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragLeave</td>
<td>Called when a drag-and-drop operation leaves the control designer view.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1c1dff4b-6d37-be62-6412-448391b501a2.md">OnDragOver</a></td>
<td>Called when a drag-and-drop object is dragged over the control designer view.<br />(Overrides ParentControlDesigner.OnDragOver(DragEventArgs))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGiveFeedback</td>
<td>Receives a call when a drag-and-drop operation is in progress to provide visual cues based on the location of the mouse while a drag operation is in progress.<br />(Inherited from ControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseDragBegin</td>
<td>Called in response to the left mouse button being pressed and held while over the component.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseDragEnd</td>
<td>Called at the end of a drag-and-drop operation to complete or cancel the operation.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseDragMove</td>
<td>Called for each movement of the mouse during a drag-and-drop operation.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseEnter</td>
<td>Receives a call when the mouse first enters the control.<br />(Inherited from ControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseHover</td>
<td>Receives a call after the mouse hovers over the control.<br />(Inherited from ControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="94576f7c-c3e0-08c8-1b8e-d92598dce9f9.md">OnMouseLeave</a></td>
<td>Receives a call when the mouse leaves the control.<br />(Overrides ControlDesigner.OnMouseLeave())</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaintAdornments</td>
<td>Called when the control that the designer is managing has painted its surface so the designer can paint any additional adornments on top of the control.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSetComponentDefaults</td>
<td>Called when the designer is initialized.<br />(Inherited from ControlDesigner)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSetCursor</td>
<td>Provides an opportunity to change the current mouse cursor.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PostFilterAttributes</td>
<td>Allows a designer to change or remove items from the set of attributes that it exposes through a TypeDescriptor.<br />(Inherited from ComponentDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PostFilterEvents</td>
<td>Allows a designer to change or remove items from the set of events that it exposes through a TypeDescriptor.<br />(Inherited from ComponentDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PostFilterProperties</td>
<td>Allows a designer to change or remove items from the set of properties that it exposes through a TypeDescriptor.<br />(Inherited from ComponentDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreFilterAttributes</td>
<td>Allows a designer to add to the set of attributes that it exposes through a TypeDescriptor.<br />(Inherited from ComponentDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreFilterEvents</td>
<td>Allows a designer to add to the set of events that it exposes through a TypeDescriptor.<br />(Inherited from ComponentDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreFilterProperties</td>
<td>Adjusts the set of properties the component will expose through a TypeDescriptor.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseComponentChanged</td>
<td>Notifies the IComponentChangeService that this component has been changed.<br />(Inherited from ComponentDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseComponentChanging</td>
<td>Notifies the IComponentChangeService that this component is about to be changed.<br />(Inherited from ComponentDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8dfc6ace-514b-486f-cc19-9f8c774fc1c2.md">RemovePage</a></td>
<td>Remove the current page from the navigator.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UnhookChildControls</td>
<td>Routes messages for the children of the specified control to each control rather than to a parent designer.<br />(Inherited from ControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>WndProc</td>
<td>Processes Windows messages and optionally routes them to the control.<br />(Inherited from ControlDesigner)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="b6d360d2-1f72-be86-7025-a1560a1afbb2.md">KryptonNavigatorDesigner Class</a>  
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
