# KryptonRichTextBox Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="7192bb25-4c62-5463-e826-b0e99c41ff02.md">AcceptsTab</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating if tab characters are accepted as input for multiline edit controls.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c2c28788-2bd0-4f53-4aeb-597f221518de.md">AllowButtonSpecToolTipPriority</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if button spec tooltips should remove the parent tooltip.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="871558dc-beef-bbcf-a53d-c3e7e45fc54c.md">AllowButtonSpecToolTips</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if tooltips should be Displayed for button specs.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aac1bf68-233f-f580-2ced-df83b2b5d033.md">AllowDrop</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the ability to drag/drop onto the control.<br />(Overrides Control.AllowDrop)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="44b96161-6ad8-866e-4aac-e7a19736ba56.md">AlwaysActive</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets Determines if the control is always active or only when the mouse is over the control or has focus.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Anchor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the edges of the container to which a control is bound and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c43bbc19-6ec1-aa75-e8f3-fe2fb55bfc46.md">AutoWordSelection</a></td>
<td>Turns on/off automatic word selection.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="82fdc77b-7a4a-a446-4c7c-7f538f503e4e.md">BackColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background color for the control.<br />(Overrides Control.BackColor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1cb9b3f1-d625-1f75-6f48-9cd33918e4c4.md">BackgroundImage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fbcec284-5d61-c094-4119-30a008179f8c.md">BackgroundImageLayout</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image layout.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="886b4d51-6d5f-6169-642b-01a50acef01f.md">BulletIndent</a></td>
<td>Defines the indent for bullets in the control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="312b5d90-a51d-44ee-3dd7-90c8d4df25a9.md">ButtonSpecs</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of button specifications.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="599c740c-6da1-bc56-5367-25e207ad0258.md">CanRedo</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the control can redo a previously undo operation.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="248d1c8b-7d2a-44cf-7a3b-2266b400b187.md">CanUndo</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user can undo the previous operation in a rich text box control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="69ed22b8-0f09-96ac-77e6-4b12e382cab6.md">ContainedControl</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the contained input control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6312f1e2-8acd-9139-2569-32049b2f7dff.md">ContextMenuStrip</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the associated context menu strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="762a4528-1f36-43c6-29a3-95a52c85f1e8.md">VisualControlBase.ContextMenuStrip</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Controls</td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0de1f372-5340-cf98-b380-c74ae2635d88.md">CornerRoundingRadius</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the corner rounding radius.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateParams</td>
<td>Gets the required creation parameters when the control handle is created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2177aba4-7c6c-486c-c6cf-3ded96232379.md">CueHint</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8ff58e30-0396-2034-8164-9414def78392.md">DefaultSize</a></td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Overrides Control.DefaultSize)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2412c3ce-f185-87f4-ada4-964a998206c6.md">DetectUrls</a></td>
<td>Indicates whether URLs are automatically formatted as links.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fa8eedad-7573-35b0-3f13-9cbbb8c4337a.md">DisplayRectangle</a></td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the display area of the control.<br />(Overrides Control.DisplayRectangle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dock</td>
<td>Gets or sets which control borders are docked to its parent control and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d394f2f6-205d-16e8-5b7e-f43632cd720a.md">EnableAutoDragDrop</a></td>
<td>Enable drag/drop of text, pictures and other data.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f77f144-461b-e0c7-d404-e98cb632abe2.md">EvalInvokePaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to use Invoke to force a repaint.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="00de09c5-e6ee-11ce-04c3-5978ddbd6601.md">Focused</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Overrides Control.Focused)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7baa9b52-bfb2-4738-a220-844c2314250a.md">Font</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the font of the text Displayed by the control.<br />(Overrides Control.Font)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ae39f928-178b-f72d-decc-65e993b62638.md">ForeColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the foreground color for the control.<br />(Overrides Control.ForeColor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c188d675-c22b-03a7-9208-d6ab7109bacf.md">HideSelection</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating that the selection should be hidden when the edit control loses focus.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d8204558-77a6-19d3-20ce-4afaf6050c7c.md">InputControlStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the input control style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19e559e5-49d6-6837-1d3e-bd30310c9e4b.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the KryptonContextMenu to show when right clicked.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cd69a000-818b-836e-fbcc-8ef75fcc85e0.md">LanguageOption</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the language option.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d8e4b932-f499-8086-aae4-d827f0f9f536.md">Lines</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the lines of text in a multiline edit, as an array of String values.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the upper limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5636d3d4-280e-8c8b-1940-a73dffe5c53e.md">MaxLength</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the maximum number of characters that can be entered into the edit control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the lower limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8699f442-d74a-c2c4-b0a0-556df4a5568f.md">Modified</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the contents have changed since last last.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="08960ad7-8e61-3121-bbc3-c104fd150179.md">Multiline</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets whether the text in the control can span more than one line.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e8e19cb-0b87-5a93-8dae-ba685ab768d3.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd0acfd2-24e3-79cc-4d0e-393dc3db77cf.md">NeedPaintPaletteDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint palette delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76de231e-1e7e-f794-8483-ddea441042ee.md">NeedTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if transparent paint is needed<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets padding within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0cd21a8-cecb-c891-532e-34ba62c82f21.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41c3411b-ffb0-095e-47b4-fc6ce7c5db17.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7f2a9a5f-403b-72e4-1a3a-f4a761327ae9.md">ReadOnly</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the text in the edit control can be changed or not.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="177219af-8f43-9c87-623d-ff4ae2155849.md">Redirector</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the palette redirector.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b8a33786-5e9a-b4cb-4ce4-d0eb8658c077.md">RedoActionName</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the name of the action to be redone.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81eeb3c2-d939-1525-0987-b9cd7d94af7d.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="32449cac-cdd6-c6bb-f62a-d53d38aecba2.md">RichTextBox</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the contained RichTextBox instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="44a0a399-69b5-97ad-d11a-5888bea65264.md">RichTextShortcutsEnabled</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if keyboard shortcuts are enabled.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b4b53b8a-e212-9a0e-46a9-e6c2a90c3e74.md">RightMargin</a></td>
<td>Defines the right margin dimensions.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b0f46af1-fb65-b440-90df-4e812f2ced53.md">Rtf</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text in rich text format.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="414d6576-f511-6b46-7e08-2eeefb433652.md">ScrollBars</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets, for multiline edit controls, which scroll bars will be shown for this control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="77a209dd-576e-a194-e43c-34e5c7d37cad.md">SelectedRtf</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the selection portion of the rich text format.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c3c478f2-d3b5-7119-2510-6243979e7f16.md">SelectedText</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the selected text within the control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="70b38925-7bda-6db6-449c-4bada124ba50.md">SelectionAlignment</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the alignment of the selection.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="15971a05-ca4b-89c0-629b-a697ade7d1f2.md">SelectionBackColor</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the background color of the selected area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0c1288b5-d8bb-bc51-6a15-5d9f8e9b5a19.md">SelectionBullet</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the bullet indentation of the selected area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8a5b5091-725c-5f51-6dc9-0ce79175ee9c.md">SelectionCharOffset</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the character offset of the selection.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d9570577-ad5d-7134-b73b-5d060a8ea904.md">SelectionColor</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text color of the selected area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="77a3463e-de97-ee43-e249-2be07cdda2cc.md">SelectionFont</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text font for the selected area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="46b6b800-2ed8-02f5-2ca7-a74f9b8d237d.md">SelectionHangingIndent</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the hanging indent for the selected area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1de8d2c0-06fe-9358-0d66-763904d473f6.md">SelectionIndent</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the indent for the selected area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4f3be329-bef6-f469-334b-2445c569b859.md">SelectionLength</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the selection length for the selected area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41b7c3e6-e2f5-54d3-ac9e-d949d1b617e5.md">SelectionProtected</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the protected setting for the selected area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6673150b-2175-8c29-89b7-e304d2aad8a7.md">SelectionRightIndent</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the right indent for the selected area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e10870c3-efd2-9cd6-f377-3a7c55c055e4.md">SelectionStart</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the starting point of text selected in the control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="956ed706-d18a-0be8-530e-d854577be724.md">SelectionTabs</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the tab settings for the selected area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3dd07f98-b26b-9936-a805-2ca3a8142779.md">SelectionType</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the type of selection.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="722e95d3-c329-629c-fb3b-9779569fde32.md">ShortcutsEnabled</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether shortcuts defined for the control are enabled.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="53fac4fd-eb51-60fc-d070-c35d60b565d4.md">ShowSelectionMargin</a></td>
<td>Turns on/off the selection margin.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63092d3d-5954-4cd8-c24b-36205501f10d.md">StateActive</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the active textbox appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="91a638a8-7d95-6c1a-1716-057bc4b20e8f.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common textbox appearance entries that other states can override.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="deb5d36a-6d2f-92f5-3670-6d5e34608f58.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled textbox appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="01ec80f8-7358-6ab9-f074-ef7cd925b453.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal textbox appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1cd6ef9c-296d-84d5-4a92-696bedc104bf.md">TabStop</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the control is in the tab chain.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5340d87e-62d1-e84c-7ecb-6d4780bebbfb.md">Text</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text associated associated with the control.<br />(Overrides Control.Text)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="79251cab-6920-cf13-9464-c1b4c1b85e49.md">TextLength</a></td>
<td>Gets the length of text in the control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3b801319-c022-8680-22b6-f29315f54003.md">ToolTipManager</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ToolTipManager used for displaying tool tips.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7bc15b0f-7b9c-1821-d705-0229ee9c0438.md">ToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the button content.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f51f7937-adcf-25ad-781c-3ae22623fe0d.md">TransparentParent</a></td>
<td>Gets the control reference that is the parent for transparent drawing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5a261d11-0cd0-8876-d38e-3df8835fe315.md">UndoActionName</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the name of the action to be undone.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9c7b3aa8-7182-839f-9874-c28558737123.md">UseMnemonic</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether mnemonics will fire button spec buttons.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bc2df16c-ce0b-cd4b-c8c8-84f5fa16b9ff.md">WordWrap</a></td>
<td>Indicates if lines are automatically word-wrapped for multiline edit controls.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2781148b-c6db-5976-0f1f-6684b0dbb702.md">ZoomFactor</a></td>
<td>Defines the current scaling factor of the KryptonRichTextBox display; 1.0 is normal viewing.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="d103592f-1fd8-ac7d-2a60-d967f7d4d149.md">KryptonRichTextBox Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
