# KryptonDataGridViewIconColumn Class


\[Missing &lt;summary&gt; documentation for "T:Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonDataGridViewIconColumn"\]



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public abstract class KryptonDataGridViewIconColumn : DataGridViewColumn, 
	IIconCell
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public MustInherit Class KryptonDataGridViewIconColumn
	Inherits DataGridViewColumn
	Implements IIconCell
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  DataGridViewElement  →  DataGridViewBand  →  DataGridViewColumn  →  KryptonDataGridViewIconColumn</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Derived</strong></td><td><a href="b59ffc10-0390-6a58-9d2d-fa29a8f250a9.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonDataGridViewButtonColumn</a><br /><a href="8e45b13c-b535-d3a5-f1ac-1bf5532d6a5b.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonDataGridViewCheckBoxColumn</a><br /><a href="5a06d477-7b79-53a6-2e72-687ae43f1c4e.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonDataGridViewComboBoxColumn</a><br /><a href="4b982974-4f58-4c7f-b59d-75ab5f2cd812.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonDataGridViewDateTimePickerColumn</a><br /><a href="70a3f1db-f96c-493a-9f20-b500dad86dce.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonDataGridViewDomainUpDownColumn</a><br /><a href="566bceab-21ab-aa79-fab7-ffeb1c7f865d.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonDataGridViewLinkColumn</a><br /><a href="8416450f-026e-84b2-f82a-0d7ef29a07f6.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonDataGridViewMaskedTextBoxColumn</a><br /><a href="2abe8105-6af4-2385-4c99-f0b41bed8311.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonDataGridViewNumericUpDownColumn</a><br /><a href="69125ead-d46f-8275-1a1c-3892aadc6dd8.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonDataGridViewTextBoxColumn</a></td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td><a href="6b7f0ced-3e32-4410-dbb9-4816eba2b704.md">IIconCell</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="b1ea0b96-4208-9268-24eb-f1333ca7e46f.md">KryptonDataGridViewIconColumn</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonDataGridViewTextBoxColumn class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the mode by which the column automatically adjusts its width.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellTemplate</td>
<td>Gets or sets the template used to create new cells.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellType</td>
<td>Gets the run-time type of the cell template.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStrip</td>
<td>Gets or sets the shortcut menu for the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataGridView</td>
<td>Gets the DataGridView control associated with this element.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataPropertyName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the data source property or database column to which the DataGridViewColumn is bound.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCellStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets the column's default cell style.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultHeaderCellType</td>
<td>Gets or sets the run-time type of the default header cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Displayed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the band is currently displayed onscreen.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the display order of the column relative to the currently displayed columns.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DividerWidth</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width, in pixels, of the column divider.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FillWeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value that represents the width of the column when it is in fill mode relative to the widths of other fill-mode columns in the control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Frozen</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether a column will move when a user scrolls the DataGridView control horizontally.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasDefaultCellStyle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the DefaultCellStyle property has been set.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HeaderCell</td>
<td>Gets or sets the DataGridViewColumnHeaderCell that represents the column header.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HeaderCellCore</td>
<td>Gets or sets the header cell of the DataGridViewBand.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HeaderText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the caption text on the column's header cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="040bedbd-54c5-e613-cb1e-44ed23090eb9.md">IconSpecs</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of the icon specifications.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Index</td>
<td>Gets the relative position of the band within the DataGridView control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InheritedAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Gets the sizing mode in effect for the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InheritedStyle</td>
<td>Gets the cell style currently applied to the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDataBound</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the column is bound to a data source.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsRow</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the band represents a row.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumWidth</td>
<td>Gets or sets the minimum width, in pixels, of the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ReadOnly</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can edit the column's cells.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Resizable</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the column is resizable.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Selected</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the band is in a selected user interface (UI) state.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the sort mode for the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>State</td>
<td>Gets the user interface (UI) state of the element.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data to associate with the band.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolTipText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the text used for ToolTips.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ValueType</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data type of the values in the column's cells.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the column is visible.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the current width of the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="2c225d0c-ac0d-d52c-a7d5-7427b6930106.md">Clone</a></td>
<td>Create a cloned copy of the column.<br />(Overrides DataGridViewColumn.Clone())</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the DataGridViewBand.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the DataGridViewBand and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases the resources associated with the band.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPreferredWidth</td>
<td>Calculates the ideal width of the column based on the specified criteria.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataGridViewChanged</td>
<td>Called when the band is associated with a different DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseCellClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseCellContentClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellContentClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseCellContentDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellContentDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseCellValueChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CellValueChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseDataError</td>
<td>Raises the DataError event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseMouseWheel</td>
<td>Raises the MouseWheel event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Gets a string that describes the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the DataGridViewColumn is disposed.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
