# RibbonRecentDocHandler Class


Delegate used for hooking into a KryptonRibbonContext typed collection.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Ribbon (in Krypton.Ribbon.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public sealed class RibbonRecentDocHandler : MulticastDelegate
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public NotInheritable Class RibbonRecentDocHandler
	Inherits MulticastDelegate
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  Delegate  →  MulticastDelegate  →  RibbonRecentDocHandler</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="464f8dcc-24ab-18d9-30f4-e3f50e30015e.md">RibbonRecentDocHandler</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the RibbonRecentDocHandler class</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>Method</td>
<td>Gets the method represented by the delegate.<br />(Inherited from Delegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Target</td>
<td>Gets the class instance on which the current delegate invokes the instance method.<br />(Inherited from Delegate)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="dbef1f8f-ee33-4dc9-df69-bb25e37baf5f.md">BeginInvoke</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Clone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the delegate.<br />(Inherited from Delegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DynamicInvoke</td>
<td>Dynamically invokes (late-bound) the method represented by the current delegate.<br />(Inherited from Delegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e17bf82e-e5ae-a1c1-d891-ac0b74b2df3c.md">EndInvoke</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether this multicast delegate and the specified object are equal.<br />(Inherited from MulticastDelegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MulticastDelegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetInvocationList</td>
<td>Returns the invocation list of this multicast delegate, in invocation order.<br />(Inherited from MulticastDelegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetObjectData</td>
<td>Populates a SerializationInfo object with all the data needed to serialize this instance.<br />(Inherited from MulticastDelegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="87545f8d-c2ac-60d1-a0d7-ed1042466c98.md">Invoke</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon Namespace</a>  
