# KryptonRibbonGroupGallery Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="51a2f063-56da-02d4-0772-de92473cca1a.md">Hide</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon group gallery hidden.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e8fd6aa9-6e2f-a418-5b7c-a374373d6dce.md">OnGalleryDropMenu</a></td>
<td>Raises the GalleryDropMenu event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b44f11fe-7734-f206-06ce-8cbee80a12de.md">OnGotFocus</a></td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="df0ec41c-4e30-ed30-89cc-b581f32d9d2d.md">OnImageListChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the ImageListChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a956b2ed-e4b5-0138-0a40-0aacf809d46b.md">OnLostFocus</a></td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="65a7ce3a-99e0-0bc4-7acc-c224f3a519da.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3c837e8c-f0b1-2c38-4bb8-3ec1a8e2c7a6.md">OnSelectedIndexChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the SelectedIndexChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8f4440a1-ea27-fd50-75f5-756985d9d65a.md">OnTrackingImage</a></td>
<td>Raises the SelectedIndexChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4c31e104-2033-89a2-6523-f8f6d16791ca.md">ResetToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipValues property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="233f420a-fe7d-08a3-8695-46776d957584.md">Show</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon group gallery visible.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="f687c768-aa72-8583-c560-27549423dd1e.md">KryptonRibbonGroupGallery Class</a>  
<a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon Namespace</a>  
