# PaletteTextTrim Class


Specifies how to trim text.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public sealed class PaletteTextTrim : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public NotInheritable Class PaletteTextTrim
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  PaletteTextTrim</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="5edbab21-1992-6387-319f-05f17eedb9ae.md">Character</a></td>
<td>Specifies text is trimmed by removing end characters.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e7ceacf3-60cf-58ed-81c9-739b653ac0aa.md">EllipsisCharacter</a></td>
<td>Specifies text is trimmed by using ellipses and removing end characters.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="54fa135f-db98-46e2-2664-ec7e63fc4309.md">EllipsisPath</a></td>
<td>Specifies text is trimmed by using ellipses and removing from middle.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e926e786-702c-f7ca-6669-1e33e522802a.md">EllipsisWord</a></td>
<td>Specifies text is trimmed by using ellipses and removing end words.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ee3f8fca-ccd2-aa90-0c6e-7dc83999f39d.md">Hide</a></td>
<td>Specifies text is not drawn if it needs trimming.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="95651ee5-2c37-52d2-52ad-abfffcfa23c2.md">Inherit</a></td>
<td>Specifies text trim should be inherited.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bedfe273-f098-32f4-c90f-adcb2062f9bd.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9fc56398-de8c-fd1f-9efc-4fa9510c676b.md">Word</a></td>
<td>Specifies text is trimmed by removing end words.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
