# PointEventCancelArgs Class


Details for an cancellable event that provides a Point value.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class PointEventCancelArgs : CancelEventArgs
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class PointEventCancelArgs
	Inherits CancelEventArgs
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  EventArgs  →  CancelEventArgs  →  PointEventCancelArgs</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Derived</strong></td><td><a href="356e20bb-bd87-1c6a-a9ed-3b00f8b12fc0.md">Krypton.Toolkit.DragStartEventCancelArgs</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="1571855a-df1f-f9b9-efa6-4a330225359b.md">PointEventCancelArgs</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the PointEventCancelArgs class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>Cancel</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the event should be canceled.<br />(Inherited from CancelEventArgs)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c31272b3-71f0-81a8-baa6-be175322b52b.md">Point</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the point.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
