# KryptonTaskDialogCommand Class


Defines state and events for a single task dialog command.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonTaskDialogCommand : Component, 
	IKryptonCommand, INotifyPropertyChanged
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonTaskDialogCommand
	Inherits Component
	Implements IKryptonCommand, INotifyPropertyChanged
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  KryptonTaskDialogCommand</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td><a href="1088b20d-52f5-163c-6ebd-2922a8d2442d.md">IKryptonCommand</a>, INotifyPropertyChanged</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="45831eea-4279-6cbc-42a9-105ad89e511a.md">KryptonTaskDialogCommand</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonCommand class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the component can raise an event.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3a20999f-5b7d-b700-cd19-cf26227c4b8b.md">CommandType</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7d8cfe2f-9815-4d74-5548-62d23b135595.md">DialogResult</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets DialogResult to use when the command is pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="86028be9-16ac-c9e6-8d12-1c68234762b3.md">Enabled</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the enabled state of the command.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e9d615e6-c376-2e79-02d0-679bbfc1557e.md">ExtraText</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the command extra text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d5ade3e4-e840-e141-0034-de072fa465b4.md">Image</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the command small image.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d6c78e45-f0c6-a628-177f-2886330a8743.md">ImageTransparentColor</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the command image transparent color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ISite of the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0ce70b2e-a91e-c2df-99aa-70b9f44074de.md">Tag</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets user-defined data associated with the object.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="306f9cf6-e7ff-bb53-94db-92843720d5d4.md">Text</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the command text.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9d1ddf27-4070-88b6-781b-21afe364bbb1.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Clean up any resources being used.<br />(Overrides Component.Dispose(Boolean))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fe8484c9-5a60-fc6e-9369-6f4c5c417bfd.md">OnExecute</a></td>
<td>Raises the Execute event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fdb07fc0-e099-2d8a-f501-935386237032.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e474928b-f3d7-61de-2530-cc6176e22b9d.md">PerformExecute</a></td>
<td>Generates a Execute event for a button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1125038b-84fa-8deb-bd95-3250177ec854.md">Execute</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the command needs executing.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fb181684-00ea-fef7-5744-d6e8e3925e29.md">PropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when a property has changed value.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
