# KryptonDataGridViewCustomEditingControl Class


Defines the editing control for the DataGridViewCustomCell custom cell type.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonDataGridViewCustomEditingControl : KryptonTextBox, 
	IDataGridViewEditingControl
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonDataGridViewCustomEditingControl
	Inherits KryptonTextBox
	Implements IDataGridViewEditingControl
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  Control  →  <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>  →  <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>  →  KryptonDataGridViewCustomEditingControl</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td>IDataGridViewEditingControl</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="1ea1431b-9883-b029-1742-43d71819d7db.md">KryptonDataGridViewCustomEditingControl</a></td>
<td>Initalize a new instance of the KryptonDataGridViewCustomEditingControl class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="fca2415c-a4f1-3809-9ac7-a5d129e41431.md">AcceptsReturn</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating if return characters are accepted as input for multiline edit controls.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="49b90b2a-ab1d-7bcd-1673-6c1c1975dbba.md">AcceptsTab</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating if tab characters are accepted as input for multiline edit controls.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8f6c57f-cf04-b8db-6da2-3f9d5eb99a8a.md">AllowButtonSpecToolTipPriority</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if button spec tooltips should remove the parent tooltip.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19c7ef7e-d2a8-d3db-a746-66548505257d.md">AllowButtonSpecToolTips</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if tooltips should be Displayed for button specs.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can accept data that the user drags onto it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ae54c131-e367-641f-6a9c-c45761299969.md">AlwaysActive</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets Determines if the control is always active or only when the mouse is over the control or has focus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Anchor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the edges of the container to which a control is bound and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="65935aa1-a305-6644-04b9-3f39ee2269c8.md">AutoCompleteCustomSource</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the StringCollection to use when the AutoCompleteSource property is set to CustomSource.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ae0e9576-8dbd-0389-df96-b384e79dc157.md">AutoCompleteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the text completion behavior of the textbox.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="96e54955-0c04-c2e1-980a-094843fc44b4.md">AutoCompleteSource</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the autocomplete source, which can be one of the values from AutoCompleteSource enumeration.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7c3ba472-0989-e8cd-dad0-eadf857590ba.md">AutoSize</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if the control is automatically sized.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="664f139a-c1b8-b846-2c35-47bafaf3c7dc.md">BackColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background color for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1cb9b3f1-d625-1f75-6f48-9cd33918e4c4.md">BackgroundImage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fbcec284-5d61-c094-4119-30a008179f8c.md">BackgroundImageLayout</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image layout.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f80f6b88-8850-87e3-58f7-f92781935685.md">ButtonSpecs</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of button specifications.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f505dc8d-26da-a36c-9588-eda65c3c4411.md">CanUndo</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user can undo the previous operation in a rich text box control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="087176a3-16c3-dc86-b9a7-cea7e501433a.md">CharacterCasing</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating if all the characters should be left alone or converted to uppercase or lowercase.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="97401abd-bf47-e639-7568-206ca0937c76.md">ContainedControl</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the contained input control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eca54094-3ce2-6852-0965-2f04c581f10d.md">ContextMenuStrip</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the associated context menu strip.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Controls</td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9dc761cf-9919-afc1-874c-ca5a499a154a.md">CornerRoundingRadius</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the corner rounding radius.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateParams</td>
<td>Gets the required creation parameters when the control handle is created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f5f350f5-f5bd-5141-bab8-10f457cf8b6d.md">CueHint</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common textbox appearance entries that other states can override.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="edb112f7-3ae9-cc4d-e632-7c388e7d9f2c.md">DefaultSize</a></td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b2cc65a2-e569-eae3-243f-f5aa5678da70.md">DisplayRectangle</a></td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the display area of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dock</td>
<td>Gets or sets which control borders are docked to its parent control and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0804ba25-ec7c-ef90-1d0b-cb4de826a06a.md">EditingControlDataGridView</a></td>
<td>Property which caches the grid that uses this editing control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="381c0c8e-0c1d-9bde-9c81-12c507a50c32.md">EditingControlFormattedValue</a></td>
<td>Property which represents the current formatted value of the editing control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ed7884b0-07e7-db35-ffdd-b9057e243ec3.md">EditingControlRowIndex</a></td>
<td>Property which represents the row in which the editing control resides</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="149475c4-a5f3-4de2-e3a6-486fe1de425c.md">EditingControlValueChanged</a></td>
<td>Property which indicates whether the value of the editing control has changed or not</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="69aa4e85-5fd0-d61f-1307-79cd61c3b1e0.md">EditingPanelCursor</a></td>
<td>Property which determines which cursor must be used for the editing panel, i.e. the parent of the editing control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f77f144-461b-e0c7-d404-e98cb632abe2.md">EvalInvokePaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to use Invoke to force a repaint.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6de1bad3-9a87-aaa6-a72b-4ff54a676c48.md">Focused</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="27581ed9-a7d8-e371-de48-5ccdcadc38b1.md">Font</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the font of the text Displayed by the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6f47348f-2ca7-5454-380e-21c58b7f21c1.md">ForeColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the foreground color for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f66209da-4617-2fab-9573-a36046eb123c.md">HideSelection</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating that the selection should be hidden when the edit control loses focus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4def3479-68cf-1dd9-208b-99701f3246e3.md">InputControlStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the input control style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19e559e5-49d6-6837-1d3e-bd30310c9e4b.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the KryptonContextMenu to show when right clicked.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="20bdc1ec-4784-4dc8-6cf2-b871962264b9.md">Lines</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the lines of text in a multiline edit, as an array of String values.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the upper limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ba432dad-6e3c-0041-ce79-d203f45935fa.md">MaxLength</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the maximum number of characters that can be entered into the edit control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the lower limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="21b235d0-99e2-4491-2660-fb218a36fe25.md">Modified</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the contents have changed since last last.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76fd7ad3-324f-7b8f-a2b8-5b4ada37010e.md">Multiline</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets whether the text in the control can span more than one line.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302ce870-6f41-13a5-eab3-35894a525ed5.md">MultilineStringEditor</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the control uses the multiline string editor widget.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e8e19cb-0b87-5a93-8dae-ba685ab768d3.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd0acfd2-24e3-79cc-4d0e-393dc3db77cf.md">NeedPaintPaletteDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint palette delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76de231e-1e7e-f794-8483-ddea441042ee.md">NeedTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if transparent paint is needed<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets padding within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0cd21a8-cecb-c891-532e-34ba62c82f21.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41c3411b-ffb0-095e-47b4-fc6ce7c5db17.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="464e95b3-b467-4629-7fec-284407009a05.md">PasswordChar</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a the character to display for password input for single-line edit controls.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="adeda394-916c-c8bb-2322-5cdc0c234f74.md">ReadOnly</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the text in the edit control can be changed or not.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="177219af-8f43-9c87-623d-ff4ae2155849.md">Redirector</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the palette redirector.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81eeb3c2-d939-1525-0987-b9cd7d94af7d.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5d469842-1be9-ef65-fc36-3942b69f624c.md">RepositionEditingControlOnValueChange</a></td>
<td>Property which indicates whether the editing control needs to be repositioned when its value changes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6693419e-ddd2-bc80-fe2e-23adfa329bb5.md">ScrollBars</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets, for multiline edit controls, which scroll bars will be shown for this control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3a46d1a0-6f60-5dd2-ad80-b38d097c9dd5.md">SelectedText</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the selected text within the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8bd0aaa0-6580-89ca-e3b7-435440e04489.md">SelectionLength</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the selection length for the selected area.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cd6ec738-33b6-63c6-6855-1dd8d2c383d5.md">SelectionStart</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the starting point of text selected in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3d1770e3-ad4a-a65a-c136-b4f0e90a66db.md">ShortcutsEnabled</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether shortcuts defined for the control are enabled.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c987c0ad-4b92-44e5-771d-0aae75b92dd9.md">ShowEllipsisButton</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether [show ellipsis button].<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="66b521e8-7612-fd34-50c6-b46146381918.md">StateActive</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the active textbox appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="92f60acb-7b07-bfd0-bdd4-bccb43028c4d.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common textbox appearance entries that other states can override.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="789637a7-1fd3-e2f6-6150-2f342d03e53b.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled textbox appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eaefe89e-fc3a-c07d-8737-77944948afb0.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal textbox appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="149ab425-06ce-ea7e-69fb-13b6de97a43c.md">TabStop</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the control is in the tab chain.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f1607e44-9a20-714e-e385-fc409f6a7de0.md">Text</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0c9af861-8a27-074a-d21e-3f52d8a0e698.md">TextAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets how the text should be aligned for edit controls.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="66f49424-b82c-c01a-f5e6-844e4e7fa298.md">TextBox</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the contained TextBox instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bc32b541-ceb0-3c64-0f74-3521b916ef97.md">TextLength</a></td>
<td>Gets the length of text in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8706514a-0cec-4a2f-10c0-4b5001a1bcbe.md">ToolTipManager</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ToolTipManager used for displaying tool tips.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7bc15b0f-7b9c-1821-d705-0229ee9c0438.md">ToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the button content.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f51f7937-adcf-25ad-781c-3ae22623fe0d.md">TransparentParent</a></td>
<td>Gets the control reference that is the parent for transparent drawing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a71885f6-a505-c6b6-8d48-02e81371641f.md">UseMnemonic</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether mnemonics will fire button spec buttons.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b2b62c48-59d4-567b-908e-ff7d3031a925.md">UseSystemPasswordChar</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating if the text in the edit control should appear as the default password character.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0e7b5ca5-8d49-a3f1-fee9-312e72f0bb99.md">WordWrap</a></td>
<td>Indicates if lines are automatically word-wrapped for multiline edit controls.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyClients(AccessibleEvents, Int32)</td>
<td>Notifies the accessibility client applications of the specified AccessibleEvents for the specified child control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyClients(AccessibleEvents, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Notifies the accessibility client applications of the specified AccessibleEvents for the specified child control .<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aaceb70b-2ff3-d22d-2e20-e9502e5a1ab0.md">AppendText</a></td>
<td>Appends text to the current text of a rich text box.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d73e7a29-ea47-aabb-5432-3a1f5725ac0d.md">ApplyCellStyleToEditingControl</a></td>
<td>Method called by the grid before the editing control is shown so it can adapt to the provided cell style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously with the specified arguments, on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BringToFront</td>
<td>Brings the control to the front of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fc58c042-3c2d-f021-e1f5-73d489c5113d.md">CanProcessMnemonic</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating is processing of mnemonics should be allowed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ffbf6243-6dc5-7871-e3d8-7ffcddfdf32c.md">CheckPerformLayout</a></td>
<td>Check if the layout is dirty and if so perform the layout now.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ccefc77f-2155-beb0-0d51-2cc3a1e17574.md">Clear</a></td>
<td>Clears all text from the text box control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="00ffe667-9341-3b91-de6c-351bb8384c4f.md">ClearUndo</a></td>
<td>Clears information about the most recent operation from the undo buffer of the rich text box.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Contains</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating whether the specified control is a child of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ed56ab8e-9bd7-6187-b49c-d54ecbf66607.md">ContextMenuClosed</a></td>
<td>Called when a context menu has just been closed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1fdfad29-7c28-3765-640d-3e7084328f18.md">Copy</a></td>
<td>Copies the current selection in the text box to the Clipboard.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateAccessibilityInstance</td>
<td>Creates a new accessibility object for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateControl</td>
<td>Forces the creation of the visible control, including the creation of the handle and any visible child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="24e68ae4-c280-4105-132f-4051dc777ab5.md">CreateControlsInstance</a></td>
<td>Creates a new instance of the control collection for the KryptonTextBox.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateGraphics</td>
<td>Creates the Graphics for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateHandle</td>
<td>Creates a handle for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8ff9ba75-cc49-b4e0-76a3-ffc2a389eca5.md">CreateRedirector</a></td>
<td>Create the redirector instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="905881ec-adfd-7948-eb6d-6f60a2c6086a.md">CreateToolStripRenderer</a></td>
<td>Create a tool strip renderer appropriate for the current renderer/palette pair.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">

VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4fe8415d-5aeb-525b-f4b1-273fe8e1da5a.md">Cut</a></td>
<td>Moves the current selection in the text box to the Clipboard.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefWndProc</td>
<td>Sends the specified message to the default window procedure.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8d9a92ac-9c3a-13b3-11fd-c2a364bd945b.md">DeselectAll</a></td>
<td>Specifies that the value of the SelectionLength property is zero so that no characters are selected in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DestroyHandle</td>
<td>Destroys the handle associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ef9466b5-1420-f3d8-9783-f08b9e99f8f8.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Clean up any resources being used.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects)</td>
<td>Begins a drag-and-drop operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects, Bitmap, Point, Boolean)</td>
<td>Begins a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DrawToBitmap</td>
<td>Supports rendering to the specified bitmap.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3bcf9c2f-1ef9-fe56-d67a-197456ce01a1.md">EditingControlWantsInputKey</a></td>
<td>Method called by the grid on keystrokes to determine if the editing control is interested in the key or not.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EndInvoke</td>
<td>Retrieves the return value of the asynchronous operation represented by the IAsyncResult passed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a493c18f-f12b-a98f-f822-27edcb84d15d.md">EvalTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to paint transparent areas.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindForm</td>
<td>Retrieves the form that the control is on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cf0fa888-f47a-17c0-520d-2d5aed850dd1.md">Focus</a></td>
<td>Sets input focus to the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ac9f9bae-b19c-e83a-2378-3009468e475a.md">ForceControlLayout</a></td>
<td>Force the layout logic to size and position the controls.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4ae48011-3a45-ca60-ec5b-10120880f702.md">ForceViewLayout</a></td>
<td>Force the control to perform a krypton layout to calculate size and positioning.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetAccessibilityObjectById</td>
<td>Retrieves the specified AccessibleObject.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating how a control will behave when its AutoSize() property is enabled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4b24abcb-ef7a-c399-d10a-f15044c63638.md">GetCharFromPosition</a></td>
<td>Retrieves the character that is closest to the specified location within the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dbcd5110-d35f-48d6-3eef-6526a0fa9e95.md">GetCharIndexFromPosition</a></td>
<td>Retrieves the index of the character nearest to the specified location.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point, GetChildAtPointSkip)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates, specifying whether to ignore child controls of a certain type.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetContainerControl</td>
<td>Returns the next ContainerControl up the control's chain of parent controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a6791cd2-7a9c-02fe-f343-5f154f23219d.md">GetEditingControlFormattedValue</a></td>
<td>Returns the current value of the editing control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fad216ea-d7a9-c4a4-72f8-ff4d38af05d7.md">GetFirstCharIndexFromLine</a></td>
<td>Retrieves the index of the first character of a given line.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4e0a1b6e-0985-69ed-b218-f44bcbeb6278.md">GetFirstCharIndexOfCurrentLine</a></td>
<td>Retrieves the index of the first character of the current line.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="09ea016f-bf00-4ea0-8aab-3417993b62dc.md">GetLineFromCharIndex</a></td>
<td>Retrieves the line number from the specified character position within the text of the RichTextBox control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetNextControl</td>
<td>Retrieves the next control forward or back in the tab order of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81d72591-b6a9-58e3-22bf-fcdd5aa989c0.md">GetPositionFromCharIndex</a></td>
<td>Retrieves the location within the control at the specified character index.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c32e0738-6334-a737-362d-858fe6918603.md">GetPreferredSize</a></td>
<td>Get the preferred size of the control based on a proposed size.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetScaledBounds</td>
<td>Retrieves the bounds within which the control is scaled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStyle</td>
<td>Retrieves the value of the specified control style bit for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTopLevel</td>
<td>Determines if the control is a top-level control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Hide</td>
<td>Conceals the control from the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitLayout</td>
<td>Called after the control has been added to another container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate()</td>
<td>Invalidates the entire surface of the control and causes the control to be redrawn.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates a specific region of the control and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate, on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle, with the specified list of arguments.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(T)(Func(T))</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeGotFocus</td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4e4e64cb-cf30-e810-85d9-48111c6388c3.md">InvokeLayout</a></td>
<td>Request a layout be performed before any painting occurs.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeLostFocus</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeOnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokePaint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokePaintBackground</td>
<td>Raises the PaintBackground event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputChar</td>
<td>Determines if a character is an input character that the control recognizes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputKey</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified key is a regular input key or a special key that requires preprocessing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Int32)</td>
<td>Converts a Logical DPI value to its equivalent DeviceUnit DPI value.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Size)</td>
<td>Transforms a size from logical to device units by scaling it for the current DPI and rounding down to the nearest integer value for width and height.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="74fd6525-bfbe-3f74-849b-bd22402e3131.md">MarkLayoutDirty</a></td>
<td>Mark the layout as being dirty and needing to be performed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NotifyInvalidate</td>
<td>Raises the Invalidated event with a specified region of the control to invalidate.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5e2d8acd-ccb6-061c-0570-e517a8b80682.md">OnAcceptsTabChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the AcceptsTabChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAutoSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AutoSizeChanged() event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2cf2e4be-fcf5-aea6-610d-f1858d2720f5.md">OnBackColorChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackColorChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a34681d1-925d-d929-62b0-3a4a84f700f1.md">OnBackgroundImageChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundImageChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d7082354-9f9a-32b6-2945-5a7c2d8a3ed3.md">OnBackgroundImageLayoutChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageLayoutChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundImageLayoutChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageLayoutChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a5e103ba-e1f9-e850-b22d-ed7a7d0ec35f.md">OnButtonSpecChanged</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette storage of a button spec change.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1f1003b1-3ed8-ba87-86cc-997948cc00fc.md">OnCausesValidationChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the CausesValidationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCausesValidationChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the CausesValidationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnChangeUICues</td>
<td>Raises the ChangeUICues event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClientSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ClientSizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ContextMenuStripChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnControlAdded</td>
<td>Raises the ControlAdded event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnControlRemoved</td>
<td>Raises the ControlRemoved event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCreateControl</td>
<td>Raises the CreateControl() method.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCursorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CursorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataContextChanged</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDockChanged</td>
<td>Raises the DockChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the DoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChangedAfterParent</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChangedAfterParent event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChangedBeforeParent</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChangedBeforeParent event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragDrop</td>
<td>Raises the DragDrop event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragEnter</td>
<td>Raises the DragEnter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragLeave</td>
<td>Raises the DragLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragOver</td>
<td>Raises the DragOver event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="853017cf-53d6-a365-6cea-d3f9cc168360.md">OnEnabledChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnabledChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnter</td>
<td>Raises the Enter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f3fe5051-0ffc-4982-4402-23ecb88d10ce.md">OnForeColorChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnForeColorChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGiveFeedback</td>
<td>Raises the GiveFeedback event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="49bcb367-aa09-f4b7-0983-0fc7a7e27188.md">OnGlobalPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the global palette has been changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0ef699a7-b697-a3ef-e288-cd5779d2dd3a.md">OnGotFocus(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGotFocus(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5655daae-abb8-d4ed-82c0-a3ee2acab0bf.md">OnHandleCreated(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the HandleCreated event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleCreated(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the HandleCreated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleDestroyed</td>
<td>Raises the HandleDestroyed event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHelpRequested</td>
<td>Raises the HelpRequested event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e52f6631-a28d-74d9-3b9f-3243fc2050e5.md">OnHideSelectionChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the HideSelectionChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnImeModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ImeModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnInvalidated</td>
<td>Raises the Invalidated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0b765a9-ae10-5c47-844f-4cbd0720665e.md">OnKeyDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="562399ab-f214-22a5-ba83-51430bf4971a.md">OnKeyPress</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyPress event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="992e5695-361b-297d-c36b-f9dc612bca90.md">OnKeyUp</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyUp event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bf32c368-e1b9-b86a-8db2-9c66c730eb11.md">OnLayout</a></td>
<td>Raises the Layout event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLeave</td>
<td>Raises the Leave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLocationChanged</td>
<td>Raises the LocationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4b7ebb36-fd2a-97ca-5698-cab87f8276d9.md">OnLostFocus(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLostFocus(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMarginChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MarginChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ca70052f-4293-58df-14bb-a6bec7e0f07c.md">OnModifiedChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the ModifiedChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseCaptureChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MouseCaptureChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseClick</td>
<td>Raises the MouseClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the MouseDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ad475383-1b15-a673-a877-2b0e1bd04d09.md">OnMouseDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseDown event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="32754856-2411-64c7-a616-3fa1e6f5695b.md">OnMouseEnter(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseEnter event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseEnter(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the MouseEnter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseHover</td>
<td>Raises the MouseHover event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="90c656e2-262e-03cb-6e42-7579fbe0a082.md">OnMouseLeave(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseLeave(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3afd164a-6e9b-a40f-136a-e11105053ddd.md">OnMouseMove</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseMove event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="27ef0a19-e939-207f-b6bb-bda1b91100c8.md">OnMouseUp</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseUp event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseWheel</td>
<td>Raises the MouseWheel event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMove</td>
<td>Raises the Move event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3eab3dc7-bf8b-5ab4-2651-12fecf302af1.md">OnMultilineChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the MultilineChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7eda1f3d-0eb0-c0ad-a013-5c564b9d8cc5.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette storage of a paint and optional layout required.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnNotifyMessage</td>
<td>Notifies the control of Windows messages.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ff5cc851-ad88-840c-6efb-1846406d3511.md">OnPaddingChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the PaddingChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaddingChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the PaddingChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1f52d774-6585-b50b-de69-3dc147e02430.md">OnPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaintBackground</td>
<td>Paints the background of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b604be92-5703-f85a-3bfc-d726549658ac.md">OnPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PaletteChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1f77ed8d-2c9d-15c6-02e7-38ba23468945.md">OnPaletteNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette of a paint and optional layout required.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event when the BackColor property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event when the BackgroundImage property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event when the BindingContext property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ParentChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentCursorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CursorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentDataContextChanged</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentEnabledChanged</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event when the Enabled property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event when the Font property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event when the ForeColor property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentRightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event when the RightToLeft property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event when the Visible property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPreviewKeyDown</td>
<td>Raises the PreviewKeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPrint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnQueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Raises the QueryContinueDrag event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="897cd262-bb31-aca4-9cd8-f1aa407fcd97.md">OnReadOnlyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the ReadOnlyChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRegionChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RegionChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ec012449-5d3d-c7ba-f0d6-4d8543503537.md">OnResize(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the Resize event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnResize(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the Resize event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3d589f45-f95b-b580-5776-9f7541e4de34.md">OnRightToLeftChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRightToLeftChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the StyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSystemColorsChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SystemColorsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTabIndexChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TabIndexChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e37b1c13-b6df-0361-06e3-10d49306056c.md">OnTabStopChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the TabStop event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTabStopChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the TabStopChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b2287a44-4454-23ac-2bb9-91cc9a8e0133.md">OnTextAlignChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the TextAlignChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d766b82b-f04a-a206-27d4-e22dc2626779.md">OnTextChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Listen to the TextChanged notification to forward the change to the grid.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTextChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the TextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ab25662b-d940-d8c1-8511-108af48fc1d8.md">OnTrackMouseEnter</a></td>
<td>Raises the TrackMouseEnter event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e205aae0-b8d8-4500-fd1e-cc35dc3eebab.md">OnTrackMouseLeave</a></td>
<td>Raises the TrackMouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8976177b-201c-090f-4cef-b73e257b7c3a.md">OnUserPreferenceChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when a user preference has changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidated</td>
<td>Raises the Validated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidating</td>
<td>Raises the Validating event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6aceb63f-9ce6-400f-73c0-8dccd3fab465.md">PaintBackground</a></td>
<td>Perform background painting with the provided default values.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ef88574a-3086-2648-4304-8c401252fe1d.md">Paste</a></td>
<td>Replaces the current selection in the text box with the contents of the Clipboard.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout()</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout(Control, String)</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="408d7ab8-85b5-a283-4721-d1229b9e1ec2.md">PerformNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToClient</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified screen point into client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified client point into screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d98647d5-35d5-fef8-eac1-9e49081a0eb2.md">PrepareEditingControlForEdit</a></td>
<td>Called by the grid to give the editing control a chance to prepare itself for the editing session.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessControlMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="14536465-5748-35e6-e1e6-2278046bda62.md">ProcessCmdKey</a></td>
<td>Processes a command key.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDialogChar</td>
<td>Processes a dialog character.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDialogKey</td>
<td>Processes a dialog key.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9836e20c-9541-7134-b01f-07f5d40ffc96.md">ProcessKeyEventArgs</a></td>
<td>A few keyboard messages need to be forwarded to the inner textbox of the KryptonNumericUpDown control so that the first character pressed appears in it.<br />(Overrides Control.ProcessKeyEventArgs(Message))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyMessage</td>
<td>Processes a keyboard message.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyPreview</td>
<td>Previews a keyboard message.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessMnemonic</td>
<td>Processes a mnemonic character.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseDragEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate drag event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseKeyEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate key event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseMouseEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate mouse event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaisePaintEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreateHandle</td>
<td>Forces the re-creation of the handle for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToClient</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified screen rectangle in client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified client rectangle in screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Refresh</td>
<td>Forces the control to invalidate its client area and immediately redraw itself and any child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RescaleConstantsForDpi</td>
<td>Provides constants for rescaling the control when a DPI change occurs.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResetMouseEventArgs</td>
<td>Resets the control to handle the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1f2f1132-e2b2-96db-249e-26b3e471c6c9.md">ResetPalette</a></td>
<td>Resets the Palette property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cfc2bdf2-2961-70c9-3ca4-9671ed4d7ead.md">ResetPaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Resets the PaletteMode property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResetText</td>
<td>Resets the Text property to its default value (Empty).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="587b7e23-ebba-0c4c-afec-49f9b5818ec2.md">ResetToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipValues property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout()</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout(Boolean)</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic, optionally forcing an immediate layout of pending layout requests.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(ContentAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified ContentAlignment to the appropriate ContentAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(HorizontalAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified HorizontalAlignment to the appropriate HorizontalAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(LeftRightAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified LeftRightAlignment to the appropriate LeftRightAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateContent</td>
<td>Converts the specified ContentAlignment to the appropriate ContentAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateHorizontal</td>
<td>Converts the specified HorizontalAlignment to the appropriate HorizontalAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateLeftRight</td>
<td>Converts the specified LeftRightAlignment to the appropriate LeftRightAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Scale</td>
<td>Scales the control and all child controls by the specified scaling factor.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleBitmapLogicalToDevice</td>
<td>Scales a logical bitmap value to it's equivalent device unit value when a DPI change occurs.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleControl</td>
<td>Scales a control's location, size, padding and margin.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2a8a8201-eee2-007a-5ed4-b064cf3b125b.md">ScrollToCaret</a></td>
<td>Scrolls the contents of the control to the current caret position.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ba5bd9e7-0dc3-9262-ad7e-1033b0a3f126.md">Select()</a></td>
<td>Activates the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Select(Boolean, Boolean)</td>
<td>Activates a child control. Optionally specifies the direction in the tab order to select the control from.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c188d975-139b-dfea-9c1e-0cf2d3bc6501.md">Select(Int32, Int32)</a></td>
<td>Selects a range of text in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3aca1310-8ca4-848f-f246-4baa776500b8.md">SelectAll</a></td>
<td>Selects all text in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectNextControl</td>
<td>Activates the next control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SendToBack</td>
<td>Sends the control to the back of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Sets a value indicating how a control will behave when its AutoSize() property is enabled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Sets the bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, BoundsSpecified)</td>
<td>Sets the specified bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2d15cc45-7cad-1cf1-df26-99711fed4fa7.md">SetBoundsCore</a></td>
<td>Performs the work of setting the specified bounds of this control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetClientSizeCore</td>
<td>Sets the size of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4abee023-a89c-1b4d-6f45-971b224e3d8b.md">SetFixedState</a></td>
<td>Sets the fixed state of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aa7edcbe-a295-3b41-195f-313213d54eb7.md">SetMultilineStringEditor</a></td>
<td>Sets up the multiline string editor for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetStyle</td>
<td>Sets a specified ControlStyles flag to either true or false.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetTopLevel</td>
<td>Sets the control as the top-level control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetVisibleCore</td>
<td>Sets the control to the specified visible state.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Show</td>
<td>Displays the control to the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeFromClientSize</td>
<td>Determines the size of the entire control from the height and width of its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SuspendLayout</td>
<td>Temporarily suspends the layout logic for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0db6f1cd-68bc-c45f-7db9-0cf19cfc3eae.md">Undo</a></td>
<td>Undoes the last edit operation in the text box.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Update</td>
<td>Causes the control to redraw the invalidated regions within its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds()</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the current size and location.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the specified size and location.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the specified size, location, and client size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="07a40314-0c37-654b-e81b-68809af7c653.md">UpdateGlobalEvents</a></td>
<td>Update global event attachments.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateStyles</td>
<td>Forces the assigned styles to be reapplied to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateZOrder</td>
<td>Updates the control in its parent's z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c92eebae-5bbc-c727-fc44-87f0050670fa.md">ViewFromPoint</a></td>
<td>Gets the view associated with the provided client location.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="75c54245-f254-bb18-199d-994daff2f93b.md">WndProc</a></td>
<td>Process Windows-based messages.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="cc5513f7-bd43-4eea-fe75-a4b2eff0dc31.md">AcceptsTabChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the AcceptsTab property changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackColor property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackgroundImage property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageLayoutChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the BackgroundImageLayout property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BindingContext property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidationChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the CausesValidation property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ChangeUICues</td>
<td>Occurs when the focus or keyboard user interface (UI) cues change.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Click</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is clicked.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ClientSize property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ContextMenuStrip property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlAdded</td>
<td>Occurs when a new control is added to the Control.ControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlRemoved</td>
<td>Occurs when a control is removed from the Control.ControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CursorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Cursor property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DataContext property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DockChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Dock property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is double-clicked.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DpiChangedAfterParent</td>
<td>Occurs when the DPI setting for a control is changed programmatically after the DPI of its parent control or form has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DpiChangedBeforeParent</td>
<td>Occurs when the DPI setting for a control is changed programmatically before a DPI change event for its parent control or form has occurred.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragDrop</td>
<td>Occurs when a drag-and-drop operation is completed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged into the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged out of the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragOver</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged over the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EnabledChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Enabled property value has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enter</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is entered.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Font property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ForeColor property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GiveFeedback</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="86b6b593-be64-74e5-9b90-1c294818dd61.md">GlobalPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the Global palette changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GotFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the control receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HandleCreated</td>
<td>Occurs when a handle is created for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HandleDestroyed</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's handle is in the process of being destroyed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HelpRequested</td>
<td>Occurs when the user requests help for a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d4da9d8f-5e12-48f7-15c6-a3b3fcba80fb.md">HideSelectionChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the HideSelection property changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ImeMode property has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidated</td>
<td>Occurs when a control's display requires redrawing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyDown</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is pressed while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyPress</td>
<td>Occurs when a character. space or backspace key is pressed while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyUp</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is released while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Layout</td>
<td>Occurs when a control should reposition its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Leave</td>
<td>Occurs when the input focus leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LocationChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Location property value has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LostFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the control loses focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MarginChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's margin changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f7db182e-e9d7-05cc-2616-03c1ace63a59.md">ModifiedChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Modified property changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseCaptureChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control loses mouse capture.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is clicked by the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is double clicked by the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDown</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the control and a mouse button is pressed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer enters the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseHover</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer rests on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseMove</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is moved over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseUp</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the control and a mouse button is released.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseWheel</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse wheel moves while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Move</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is moved.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ae1b20c2-56dc-d886-3379-6440b157d894.md">MultilineChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Multiline property changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PaddingChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's padding changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Paint</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is redrawn.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="32d43992-02c5-c372-c8ca-601d1a133690.md">PaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the palette changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ParentChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Parent property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreviewKeyDown</td>
<td>Occurs before the KeyDown event when a key is pressed while focus is on this control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryAccessibilityHelp</td>
<td>Occurs when AccessibleObject is providing help to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag-and-drop operation and enables the drag source to determine whether the drag-and-drop operation should be canceled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="937f56b1-5019-29a4-43f7-ef6151d42a7f.md">ReadOnlyChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ReadOnly property changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RegionChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Region property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Resize</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the RightToLeft property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Size property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control style changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SystemColorsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the system colors change.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndexChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the TabIndex property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStopChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the TabStop property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c110bec0-4cc5-e5f8-854d-3862d2513f98.md">TextAlignChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the TextAlign property changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Text property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8c5e54f9-4c6c-d225-bd20-697f296ea659.md">TrackMouseEnter</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse enters the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="92b2a66b-1332-36e2-2101-e322fbdb6652.md">TrackMouseLeave</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validated</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is finished validating.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validating</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is validating.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VisibleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Visible property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="ec29487f-dfd2-5e9c-83e3-814fc9eb177b.md">visualBasePopupToolTip</a></td>
<td><br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
