# VisualTaskDialog Class


Displays a task dialog that allows the user to select a task based on the presented options.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class VisualTaskDialog : KryptonForm
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class VisualTaskDialog
	Inherits KryptonForm
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  Control  →  ScrollableControl  →  ContainerControl  →  Form  →  <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>  →  <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>  →  VisualTaskDialog</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e32e7bb-7151-6175-4526-bb8b939ea1a0.md">VisualTaskDialog</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the VisualTaskDialog class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AcceptButton</td>
<td>Gets or sets the button on the form that is clicked when the user presses the ENTER key.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="241afa3e-0947-caae-8ca1-3cb793b2e41b.md">ActiveControl</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the active control on the container control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ActiveMdiChild</td>
<td>Gets the currently active multiple-document interface (MDI) child window.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="97e91d66-fcaa-7377-ac17-8c905707b876.md">AllowButtonSpecToolTips</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if tooltips should be Displayed for button specs.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can accept data that the user drags onto it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4370386f-7415-c0a2-9abd-3917102afe9b.md">AllowFormChrome</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating if custom chrome is allowed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a413e2bd-d65d-5bc4-9d27-c1167f213d7d.md">AllowStatusStripMerge</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating if the form status strip be considered for merging into chrome.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowTransparency</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the opacity of the form can be adjusted.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Anchor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the edges of the container to which a control is bound and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScaleDimensions</td>
<td>Gets or sets the dimensions that the control was designed to.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScaleFactor</td>
<td>Gets the scaling factor between the current and design-time automatic scaling dimensions.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScaleMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the automatic scaling mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScroll</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the form enables autoscrolling.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollMargin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size of the auto-scroll margin.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollMinSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the minimum size of the auto-scroll.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollPosition</td>
<td>Gets or sets the location of the auto-scroll position.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoSize</td>
<td>Resize the form according to the setting of AutoSizeMode.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the mode by which the form automatically resizes itself.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoValidate</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value that indicates whether controls in this container will be automatically validated when the focus changes.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the background color for the control.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImage</td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageLayout</td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image layout as defined in the ImageLayout enumeration.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b7f8f1a1-e7e3-9c88-0b6d-a2f8249139af.md">BackStyle</a></td>
<td><br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4591eeca-92f3-b769-da66-33b1ed89f19b.md">BlurValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the button content.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bf158605-b05b-08d5-55c9-0b95cca582cd.md">ButtonSpecs</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of button specifications.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CancelButton</td>
<td>Gets or sets the button control that is clicked when the user presses the ESC key.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size of the client area of the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aa5f3921-3dae-ed34-10c6-888e8e50a52b.md">CloseBox</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the Close button is displayed in the caption bar of the form.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStrip</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ContextMenuStrip associated with this control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlBox</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether a control box is displayed in the caption bar of the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Controls</td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d7e6aef3-39d4-b370-7a81-af7eca59efeb.md">CornerRoundingRadius</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the corner rounding radius.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="656dae58-7558-2b11-f3cd-f94e5db979f2.md">CreateParams</a></td>
<td>Example by juverpp<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CurrentAutoScaleDimensions</td>
<td>Gets the current run-time dimensions of the screen.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by the control.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultSize</td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesktopBounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the form on the Windows desktop.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesktopLocation</td>
<td>Gets or sets the location of the form on the Windows desktop.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DialogResult</td>
<td>Gets or sets the dialog result for the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the virtual display area of the control.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dock</td>
<td>Gets or sets which control borders are docked to its parent control and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focused</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Font</td>
<td>Gets or sets the font of the text displayed by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ForeColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the foreground color of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FormBorderStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets the border style of the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="44bd9da0-c259-18a5-3d68-4c10eca14e12.md">FormTitleAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the header edge to display the button against.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fc4aeebc-88fa-ab8c-7257-eb5b8da30fd7.md">GroupBackStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the chrome group background style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bbc14ade-e594-8214-6504-a11970991dcc.md">GroupBorderStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the chrome group border style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="294af4e8-bc5c-f991-0966-4c88edc5c4c0.md">HeaderStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the header style for a main form.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c5b5c4b0-f89d-0ad7-3626-dc565767255e.md">HelpButton</a></td>
<td>Please use a ButtonSpec, as this gives greater flexibility!<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HorizontalScroll</td>
<td>Gets the characteristics associated with the horizontal scroll bar.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HScroll</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the horizontal scroll bar is visible.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Icon</td>
<td>Gets or sets the icon for the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="924b6ad8-f62a-5184-8544-ae66ffb300ba.md">IsInAdministratorMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this instance is in administrator mode.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMdiChild</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the form is a multiple-document interface (MDI) child form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMdiContainer</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the form is a container for multiple-document interface (MDI) child forms.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsRestrictedWindow</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the form can use all windows and user input events without restriction.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyPreview</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the form will receive key events before the event is passed to the control that has focus.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Point that represents the upper-left corner of the Form in screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MainMenuStrip</td>
<td>Gets or sets the primary menu container for the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximizeBox</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the Maximize button is displayed in the caption bar of the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximizedBounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size of the form when it is maximized.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the maximum size the form can be resized to.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MdiChildren</td>
<td>Gets an array of forms that represent the multiple-document interface (MDI) child forms that are parented to this form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MdiChildrenMinimizedAnchorBottom</td>
<td>Gets or sets the anchoring for minimized MDI children.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MdiParent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the current multiple-document interface (MDI) parent form of this form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimizeBox</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the Minimize button is displayed in the caption bar of the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the minimum size the form can be resized to.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Modal</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this form is displayed modally.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8e89f84f-ea0b-bf0e-52d2-7565bdefbdbb.md">NeedLayout</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need to layout the view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9351b7e5-62b6-a21e-bf1e-15cfa530bb3c.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Opacity</td>
<td>Gets or sets the opacity level of the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OwnedForms</td>
<td>Gets an array of Form objects that represent all forms that are owned by this form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Owner</td>
<td>Gets or sets the form that owns this form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets padding within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="deb14b21-7376-c266-5e2b-a8df64280bae.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d5288614-636f-2844-15a9-de96b6a0754b.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ParentForm</td>
<td>Gets the form that the container control is assigned to.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c4cb0fe3-21ad-a094-aac0-d2662cb26a32.md">RealWindowRectangle</a></td>
<td>Gets rectangle that is the real window rectangle based on Win32 API call.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a90fdfc6-4ace-2456-3caf-d92221812cd9.md">Redirector</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the palette redirector.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6bce88b6-38a2-7f33-ca8f-4d9802c6dc08.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RestoreBounds</td>
<td>Gets the location and size of the form in its normal window state.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeftLayout</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether right-to-left mirror placement is turned on.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2d8424aa-ada6-435c-d70f-3a2324d8eb35.md">ShadowValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the button content.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowIcon</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether an icon is displayed in the caption bar of the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowInTaskbar</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the form is displayed in the Windows taskbar.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowWithoutActivation</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the window will be activated when it is shown.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size of the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeGripStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets the style of the size grip to display in the lower-right corner of the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StartPosition</td>
<td>Gets or sets the starting position of the form at run time.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="39299da4-0f83-117a-9301-8ad0b981467e.md">StateActive</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the active form appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b03d4815-f919-92b1-5abd-f7a7da27f161.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common form appearance entries that other states can override.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="488cbf5b-a355-e4f7-2377-6c0f7e48b593.md">StateInactive</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the inactive form appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can give the focus to this control using the TAB key.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Text</td>
<td>Gets or sets the text associated with this control.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c1fcd6ad-0515-4062-af3e-a2055d381fe6.md">TextExtra</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the extra text associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="36b4bb38-5330-5d97-9c41-7469ee60428a.md">TitleStyle</a></td>
<td>Arranges the current window title alignment.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cc00f5e5-26eb-db97-7cad-6c81db520c7c.md">ToolBarManager</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the tool bar manager.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="185a5ec7-c4ad-6d80-2dae-cd8fd2d93fed.md">ToolTipManager</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ToolTipManager used for displaying tool tips.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevel</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to display the form as a top-level window.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopMost</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the form should be displayed as a topmost form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TransparencyKey</td>
<td>Gets or sets the color that will represent transparent areas of the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1a001081-25bd-42d3-cb2f-322b21c17843.md">UseDropShadow</a></td>
<td>Allows the use of drop shadow around the form.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VerticalScroll</td>
<td>Gets the characteristics associated with the vertical scroll bar.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c7a80f9f-7c80-5dce-66de-e9512765aed5.md">ViewManager</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ViewManager instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VScroll</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the vertical scroll bar is visible.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>WindowState</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value that indicates whether form is minimized, maximized, or normal.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyClients(AccessibleEvents, Int32)</td>
<td>Notifies the accessibility client applications of the specified AccessibleEvents for the specified child control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyClients(AccessibleEvents, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Notifies the accessibility client applications of the specified AccessibleEvents for the specified child control .<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Activate</td>
<td>Activates the form and gives it focus.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ActivateMdiChild</td>
<td>Activates the MDI child of a form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AddOwnedForm</td>
<td>Adds an owned form to this form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AdjustFormScrollbars</td>
<td>Adjusts the scroll bars on the container based on the current control positions and the control currently selected.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously with the specified arguments, on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BringToFront</td>
<td>Brings the control to the front of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CenterToParent</td>
<td>Centers the position of the form within the bounds of the parent form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CenterToScreen</td>
<td>Centers the form on the current screen.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Close</td>
<td>Closes the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Contains</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating whether the specified control is a child of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateAccessibilityInstance</td>
<td>Creates a new accessibility object for the Form control.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateControl</td>
<td>Forces the creation of the visible control, including the creation of the handle and any visible child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateControlsInstance</td>
<td>Creates a new instance of the control collection for the control.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateGraphics</td>
<td>Creates the Graphics for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateHandle</td>
<td>Creates the handle for the form. If a derived class overrides this function, it must call the base implementation.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e717ef2d-32bc-c424-9685-f6fb45e7f131.md">CreateRedirector</a></td>
<td>Create the redirector instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="147d72ab-95fc-99f1-c049-8c61939d5b29.md">CreateToolStripRenderer</a></td>
<td>Create a tool strip renderer appropriate for the current renderer/palette pair.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">

VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefWndProc</td>
<td>Sends the specified message to the default window procedure.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DestroyHandle</td>
<td>Destroys the handle associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="952d1cbd-e330-cd30-c782-a8b5a20d05de.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Clean up any resources being used.<br />(Overrides <a href="f226f08f-8449-ff0e-f516-69a358d52acf.md">KryptonForm.Dispose(Boolean)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects)</td>
<td>Begins a drag-and-drop operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects, Bitmap, Point, Boolean)</td>
<td>Begins a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DrawToBitmap</td>
<td>Supports rendering to the specified bitmap.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EndInvoke</td>
<td>Retrieves the return value of the asynchronous operation represented by the IAsyncResult passed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindForm</td>
<td>Retrieves the form that the control is on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focus</td>
<td>Sets input focus to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetAccessibilityObjectById</td>
<td>Retrieves the specified AccessibleObject.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating how a control will behave when its AutoSize() property is enabled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point, GetChildAtPointSkip)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates, specifying whether to ignore child controls of a certain type.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetContainerControl</td>
<td>Returns the next ContainerControl up the control's chain of parent controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c7808ad3-127f-bfbe-0598-25d28a5d5532.md">GetImage</a></td>
<td>Gets the image used for showing on the title bar.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="84b1335f-163e-b1a1-7e14-08409fbbda60.md">GetImageTransparentColor</a></td>
<td>Gets the image color that should be interpreted as transparent.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7ed18798-847d-e0ea-b0c7-ac962dc7fde5.md">GetLongText</a></td>
<td>Gets the long text used as the secondary caption title.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetNextControl</td>
<td>Retrieves the next control forward or back in the tab order of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPreferredSize</td>
<td>Retrieves the size of a rectangular area into which a control can be fitted.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetScaledBounds</td>
<td>Retrieves the bounds within which the control is scaled.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetScrollState</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified flag has been set.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="04665f07-b153-8e88-2bfc-6239d6064fbb.md">GetShortText</a></td>
<td>Gets the short text used as the main caption title.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStyle</td>
<td>Retrieves the value of the specified control style bit for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTopLevel</td>
<td>Determines if the control is a top-level control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Hide</td>
<td>Conceals the control from the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1211f1b0-3368-338f-0c76-7548a8692da8.md">HitTestCloseButton</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if the provided point is inside the close button.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="edc70d78-dba0-f2fe-e361-2562134222a5.md">HitTestMaxButton</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if the provided point is inside the maximize button.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eb9f3763-0ee8-6c18-3ec4-bed5d6dccf33.md">HitTestMinButton</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if the provided point is inside the minimize button.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitLayout</td>
<td>Called after the control has been added to another container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate()</td>
<td>Invalidates the entire surface of the control and causes the control to be redrawn.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates a specific region of the control and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="14f9c8da-d95a-c79e-6f31-ea1b295bc8fc.md">InvalidateNonClient()</a></td>
<td>Request the non-client area be repainted.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7f74e1c7-80bf-2a38-531c-b8c9a7314ad0.md">InvalidateNonClient(Rectangle)</a></td>
<td>Request the non-client area be repainted.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cb9173d1-a5ef-b9fc-55fa-fbc23ecafc9b.md">InvalidateNonClient(Rectangle, Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Request the non-client area be repainted.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate, on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle, with the specified list of arguments.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(T)(Func(T))</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeGotFocus</td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeLostFocus</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeOnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokePaint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokePaintBackground</td>
<td>Raises the PaintBackground event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputChar</td>
<td>Determines if a character is an input character that the control recognizes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputKey</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified key is a regular input key or a special key that requires preprocessing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutMdi</td>
<td>Arranges the multiple-document interface (MDI) child forms within the MDI parent form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Int32)</td>
<td>Converts a Logical DPI value to its equivalent DeviceUnit DPI value.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Size)</td>
<td>Transforms a size from logical to device units by scaling it for the current DPI and rounding down to the nearest integer value for width and height.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NotifyInvalidate</td>
<td>Raises the Invalidated event with a specified region of the control to invalidate.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="965f25d8-9980-6000-5ba5-77d7d270f85c.md">OnActivated(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the Activated event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnActivated(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the Activated event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e0edb138-9c01-5840-712e-192e9533fa3a.md">OnAllowFormChromeChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the AllowFormChromeChanged event is fired for the current palette.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0e7fd274-5825-7b70-d6a3-96659f9fff0e.md">OnApplyCustomChromeChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the ApplyCustomChrome event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAutoSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AutoSizeChanged() event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAutoValidateChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AutoValidateChanged() event.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundImageLayoutChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageLayoutChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8028ff14-bc0b-3c42-30d5-08a2471498b3.md">OnButtonSpecChanged</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette storage of a button spec change.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCausesValidationChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CausesValidationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnChangeUICues</td>
<td>Raises the ChangeUICues event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClientSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ClientSizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClosed</td>
<td>Raises the Closed() event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClosing</td>
<td>Raises the Closing() event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81ab4155-9b16-d7a4-8e12-a31dd6b0e7f9.md">OnCompWM_NCHITTEST</a></td>
<td>Process the WM_NCHITTEST message when overriding window chrome.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ContextMenuStripChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7a7f9b08-a3d1-1f1d-b7c4-731029cd055c.md">OnControlAdded</a></td>
<td>Raises the ControlAdded event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="269befba-49a9-9a1a-8996-a64cd621e106.md">OnControlRemoved</a></td>
<td>Raises the ControlRemoved event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCreateControl</td>
<td>Raises the CreateControl event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCursorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CursorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataContextChanged</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b05258b4-ae6e-23ef-69e8-1ee7306c6ddb.md">OnDeactivate(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the Deactivate event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDeactivate(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the Deactivate event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDockChanged</td>
<td>Raises the DockChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the DoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChanged</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChangedAfterParent</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChangedAfterParent event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChangedBeforeParent</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChangedBeforeParent event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragDrop</td>
<td>Raises the DragDrop event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragEnter</td>
<td>Raises the DragEnter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragLeave</td>
<td>Raises the DragLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragOver</td>
<td>Raises the DragOver event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnabledChanged</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnter</td>
<td>Raises the Enter event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnFormClosed</td>
<td>Raises the FormClosed event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnFormClosing</td>
<td>Raises the FormClosing event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGetDpiScaledSize</td>
<td>Raises the GetDpiScaledSize event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGiveFeedback</td>
<td>Raises the GiveFeedback event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGotFocus</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8c454f03-4181-8a6c-4755-cdefaf4124df.md">OnHandleCreated(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the HandleCreated event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleCreated(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the HandleCreated event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleDestroyed</td>
<td>Raises the HandleDestroyed event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHelpButtonClicked</td>
<td>Raises the HelpButtonClicked event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHelpRequested</td>
<td>Raises the HelpRequested event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnImeModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ImeModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnInputLanguageChanged</td>
<td>Raises the InputLanguageChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnInputLanguageChanging</td>
<td>Raises the InputLanguageChanging event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnInvalidated</td>
<td>Raises the Invalidated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnKeyDown</td>
<td>Raises the KeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnKeyPress</td>
<td>Raises the KeyPress event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnKeyUp</td>
<td>Raises the KeyUp event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLayout</td>
<td>Raises the Layout event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLeave</td>
<td>Raises the Leave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="20f83e22-e45c-4dda-a3eb-1c09a691fd74.md">OnLoad(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the Load event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLoad(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the Load event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLocationChanged</td>
<td>Raises the LocationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLostFocus</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMarginChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MarginChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMaximizedBoundsChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MaximizedBoundsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMaximumSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MaximumSizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMdiChildActivate</td>
<td>Raises the MdiChildActivate event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMenuComplete</td>
<td>Raises the MenuComplete event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMenuStart</td>
<td>Raises the MenuStart event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMinimumSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MinimumSizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseCaptureChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MouseCaptureChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseClick</td>
<td>Raises the MouseClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the MouseDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseDown</td>
<td>Raises the MouseDown event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseEnter</td>
<td>Raises the MouseEnter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseHover</td>
<td>Raises the MouseHover event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseLeave</td>
<td>Raises the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseMove</td>
<td>Raises the MouseMove event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseUp</td>
<td>Raises the MouseUp event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseWheel</td>
<td>Raises the MouseWheel event.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMove</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6e60a43a-cedb-d099-493e-9c609a93b653.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette storage of a paint and optional layout required.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="75ae0ee4-6692-5b0e-d70d-2125c30ca491.md">OnNonClientPaint</a></td>
<td>Perform chrome window painting in the non-client areas.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnNotifyMessage</td>
<td>Notifies the control of Windows messages.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaddingChanged</td>
<td>Raises the PaddingChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8d24c068-bab3-8478-9025-c3caa11a32b7.md">OnPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ba6ffb96-bc35-2575-fbd1-68dbe9f9554b.md">OnPaintBackground</a></td>
<td>Raises the PaintBackground event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="87a9fb7e-d844-5fbe-ca0b-e5e1db3de396.md">OnPaintNonClient</a></td>
<td>Process a windows message that requires the non client area be repainted.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d181d701-4d9c-6df3-b19c-d83b0f93dba1.md">OnPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PaletteChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event when the BackColor property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event when the BackgroundImage property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event when the BindingContext property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ParentChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentCursorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CursorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentDataContextChanged</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentEnabledChanged</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event when the Enabled property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event when the Font property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event when the ForeColor property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentRightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event when the RightToLeft property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event when the Visible property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPreviewKeyDown</td>
<td>Raises the PreviewKeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPrint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnQueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Raises the QueryContinueDrag event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRegionChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RegionChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="766f304e-e257-532c-1ccc-44a64327ccc5.md">OnResize(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the Resize event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnResize(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the Resize event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnResizeBegin</td>
<td>Raises the ResizeBegin event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnResizeEnd</td>
<td>Raises the ResizeEnd event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRightToLeftLayoutChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftLayoutChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnScroll</td>
<td>Raises the Scroll event.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="da362eae-b731-10c7-c2b8-23ff35e575ef.md">OnShown(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the Shown event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnShown(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the Shown event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the StyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSystemColorsChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SystemColorsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTabIndexChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TabIndexChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTabStopChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TabStopChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="661ea4d4-a00e-5f81-1efc-baf3d1a1fce1.md">OnTextChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the TextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTextChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the TextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidated</td>
<td>Raises the Validated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidating</td>
<td>Raises the Validating event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="54c3e039-403b-6adb-c1f1-cf3ae608038e.md">OnWindowActiveChanged</a></td>
<td>Called when the active state of the window changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="18dfd270-8f40-6e61-dced-08a2f1d1f2cb.md">OnWM_GETMINMAXINFO</a></td>
<td>Creates and populates the MINMAXINFO structure for a maximized window. Puts the structure into memory address given by lParam. Only used to process a WM_GETMINMAXINFO message.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="191b39ff-6302-7710-c8e9-4252b06bfad3.md">OnWM_LBUTTONUP</a></td>
<td>Process the WM_LBUTTONUP message when overriding window chrome.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bbf14895-2e70-1594-8766-ab9202d90ddc.md">OnWM_MOUSEMOVE</a></td>
<td>Process the OnWM_MOUSEMOVE message when overriding window chrome.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4b430274-e41b-b2f7-4da6-8a1d09f57971.md">OnWM_NCACTIVATE</a></td>
<td>Process the WM_NCACTIVATE message when overriding window chrome.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="edfb09ce-4054-6fff-0c26-db2207a2677f.md">OnWM_NCCALCSIZE</a></td>
<td>Process the WM_NCCALCSIZE message when overriding window chrome.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c481f487-4df8-accf-eb8a-c9291a8c1621.md">OnWM_NCHITTEST</a></td>
<td>Process the WM_NCHITTEST message when overriding window chrome.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2c796a39-97c4-f1b1-7e13-07b23a61e67b.md">OnWM_NCLBUTTONDBLCLK</a></td>
<td>Process the WM_NCLBUTTONDBLCLK message when overriding window chrome.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8a3e0c90-df2a-3a8b-bbef-c74509d81bdd.md">OnWM_NCLBUTTONDOWN</a></td>
<td>Process the WM_NCLBUTTONDOWN message when overriding window chrome.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="903ae046-990c-4c80-e46b-a5c59de9bab4.md">OnWM_NCLBUTTONUP</a></td>
<td>Process the WM_LBUTTONUP message when overriding window chrome.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6c4d8f1b-7377-619b-8900-dc7c92eba0a2.md">OnWM_NCMOUSELEAVE</a></td>
<td>Process the WM_NCMOUSELEAVE message when overriding window chrome.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c50e34ac-3212-ec17-0fa6-2ded94556fc1.md">OnWM_NCMOUSEMOVE</a></td>
<td>Process the WM_NCMOUSEMOVE message when overriding window chrome.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7dc324b9-6a23-a878-5faa-02e08fbdb4b3.md">OnWM_NCPAINT</a></td>
<td>Process the WM_NCPAINT message when overriding window chrome.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformAutoScale</td>
<td>Performs scaling of the container control and its children.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout()</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout(Control, String)</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dbfb1fc0-d2ff-88fb-02aa-432690242d85.md">PerformNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToClient</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified screen point into client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified client point into screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessControlMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessCmdKey</td>
<td>Processes a command key.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDialogChar</td>
<td>Processes a dialog character.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDialogKey</td>
<td>Processes a dialog box key.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyEventArgs</td>
<td>Processes a key message and generates the appropriate control events.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyMessage</td>
<td>Processes a keyboard message.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyPreview</td>
<td>Previews a keyboard message.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessMnemonic</td>
<td>Processes a mnemonic character.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessTabKey</td>
<td>Selects the next available control and makes it the active control.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseDragEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate drag event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseKeyEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate key event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseMouseEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate mouse event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaisePaintEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e4105202-a1cb-0118-e39b-bf83f144caa2.md">RecalcNonClient</a></td>
<td>Request the non-client area be recalculated.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreateHandle</td>
<td>Forces the re-creation of the handle for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToClient</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified screen rectangle in client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified client rectangle in screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4b1144f0-9679-2227-9015-0897b0e7c0d2.md">RedrawNonClient</a></td>
<td>Request the non-client area be repainted.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Refresh</td>
<td>Forces the control to invalidate its client area and immediately redraw itself and any child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RemoveOwnedForm</td>
<td>Removes an owned form from this form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RescaleConstantsForDpi</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2f255596-54c6-9434-e2a0-a369a32b1782.md">ResetBlurValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a> blur values.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResetMouseEventArgs</td>
<td>Resets the control to handle the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="434f7bea-ad49-2f83-b0b8-bfb6c341580a.md">ResetPalette</a></td>
<td>Resets the Palette property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="28649464-bd64-7a0b-0696-67b452985cb5.md">ResetPaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Resets the PaletteMode property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7fe6901b-8635-d648-2f70-adcb5f96e043.md">ResetShadowValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a> shadow values.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResetText</td>
<td>Resets the Text property to its default value (Empty).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout()</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout(Boolean)</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic, optionally forcing an immediate layout of pending layout requests.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4b9e00dd-f77a-50b6-f7ca-a27ecf92d84f.md">ResumePaint</a></td>
<td>Resume processing of non-client painting.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(ContentAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified ContentAlignment to the appropriate ContentAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(HorizontalAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified HorizontalAlignment to the appropriate HorizontalAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(LeftRightAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified LeftRightAlignment to the appropriate LeftRightAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateContent</td>
<td>Converts the specified ContentAlignment to the appropriate ContentAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateHorizontal</td>
<td>Converts the specified HorizontalAlignment to the appropriate HorizontalAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateLeftRight</td>
<td>Converts the specified LeftRightAlignment to the appropriate LeftRightAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Scale</td>
<td>Scales the control and all child controls by the specified scaling factor.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleBitmapLogicalToDevice</td>
<td>Scales a logical bitmap value to it's equivalent device unit value when a DPI change occurs.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleControl</td>
<td>Scales the location, size, padding, and margin of a control.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleMinMaxSize</td>
<td>Scales the size of the form's Min and Maxproperties with the scale factor provided.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="301cb38c-3b2b-dbe4-2cd8-3bf7205c221d.md">ScreenToWindow</a></td>
<td>Convert a screen location to a window location.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScrollControlIntoView</td>
<td>Scrolls the specified child control into view on an auto-scroll enabled control.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScrollToControl</td>
<td>Calculates the scroll offset to the specified child control.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Select()</td>
<td>Activates the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Select(Boolean, Boolean)</td>
<td>Selects this form, and optionally selects the next or previous control.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectNextControl</td>
<td>Activates the next control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SendToBack</td>
<td>Sends the control to the back of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetAutoScrollMargin</td>
<td>Sets the size of the auto-scroll margins.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Sets a value indicating how a control will behave when its AutoSize() property is enabled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Sets the bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, BoundsSpecified)</td>
<td>Sets the specified bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bca1500f-451b-a46b-2b1a-755a15f19874.md">SetBoundsCore</a></td>
<td>Performs the work of setting the specified bounds of this control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetClientSizeCore</td>
<td>Sets the client size of the form. This will adjust the bounds of the form to make the client size the requested size.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetDesktopBounds</td>
<td>Sets the bounds of the form in desktop coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetDesktopLocation</td>
<td>Sets the location of the form in desktop coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetDisplayRectLocation</td>
<td>Positions the display window to the specified value.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetScrollState</td>
<td>Sets the specified scroll state flag.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetStyle</td>
<td>Sets a specified ControlStyles flag to either true or false.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetTopLevel</td>
<td>Sets the control as the top-level control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetVisibleCore</td>
<td>Sets the control to the specified visible state.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Show()</td>
<td>Displays the control to the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Show(IWin32Window)</td>
<td>Shows the form with the specified owner to the user.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowDialog()</td>
<td>Shows the form as a modal dialog box.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowDialog(IWin32Window)</td>
<td>Shows the form as a modal dialog box with the specified owner.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeFromClientSize</td>
<td>Determines the size of the entire control from the height and width of its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e23f14f0-57ab-4458-6eaf-732d8a28528f.md">StartCapture</a></td>
<td>Start capturing mouse input for a particular element that is inside the chrome.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SuspendLayout</td>
<td>Temporarily suspends the layout logic for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f6c48cc6-9abc-0887-199d-3e6315bd4f50.md">SuspendPaint</a></td>
<td>Suspend processing of non-client painting.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Gets a string representing the current instance of the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Update</td>
<td>Causes the control to redraw the invalidated regions within its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds()</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the current size and location.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the specified size and location.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the specified size, location, and client size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateDefaultButton</td>
<td>Updates which button is the default button.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="92255940-9da6-c0f6-a1a3-c789fd856d28.md">UpdateDropShadowDraw</a></td>
<td>Calls the method that draws the drop shadow around the form.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateStyles</td>
<td>Forces the assigned styles to be reapplied to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateZOrder</td>
<td>Updates the control in its parent's z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validate()</td>
<td>Verifies the value of the control losing focus by causing the Validating and Validated events to occur, in that order.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validate(Boolean)</td>
<td>Verifies the value of the control that is losing focus; conditionally dependent on whether automatic validation is turned on.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ValidateChildren()</td>
<td>Causes all of the child controls within a control that support validation to validate their data.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ValidateChildren(ValidationConstraints)</td>
<td>Causes all of the child controls within a control that support validation to validate their data.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2aa9606e-4c26-8c65-8578-2985cb917170.md">WindowChromeCompositionLayout</a></td>
<td>Perform layout on behalf of the composition element using our root element.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="301af9a9-4f45-d3ea-619b-4b04c094189e.md">WindowChromeCompositionPaint</a></td>
<td>Perform painting on behalf of the composition element using our root element.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e0122ca2-8ee0-06d2-e5b2-3184d679ec87.md">WindowChromeEnd</a></td>
<td>Perform cleanup when custom chrome ending.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a221fbfe-4c63-09f6-06ae-92c4415a4312.md">WindowChromeHitTest</a></td>
<td>Perform hit testing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9a17aabf-7679-6806-50ea-7942781e1a78.md">WindowChromeLeftMouseDown</a></td>
<td>Process the left mouse down event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0e57f1b8-3845-615e-8be2-aa7d4295bf0d.md">WindowChromeLeftMouseUp</a></td>
<td>Process the left mouse up event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bfa67115-2f43-b84e-041f-ac9472cd4a35.md">WindowChromeMouseLeave</a></td>
<td>Perform mouse leave processing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8d9662bd-16bb-716a-8adf-c27c1623edf0.md">WindowChromeNonClientMouseMove</a></td>
<td>Perform non-client mouse movement processing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b9454f19-3137-7599-8602-5c73d7ff3cd3.md">WindowChromePaint</a></td>
<td>Perform painting of the window chrome.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dce75323-d094-560f-5371-b221075ff68a.md">WindowChromeStart</a></td>
<td>Perform setup for custom chrome.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9fec050f-ddd1-0131-2777-cd323b07285f.md">WndProc</a></td>
<td>Process Windows-based messages.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>Activated</td>
<td>Occurs when the form is activated in code or by the user.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoSizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the AutoSize property changes.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoValidateChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the AutoValidate property changes.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackColor property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackgroundImage property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageLayoutChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the BackgroundImageLayout property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BindingContext property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidationChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the CausesValidation property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ChangeUICues</td>
<td>Occurs when the focus or keyboard user interface (UI) cues change.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Click</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is clicked.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ClientSize property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ContextMenuStrip property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlAdded</td>
<td>Occurs when a new control is added to the Control.ControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlRemoved</td>
<td>Occurs when a control is removed from the Control.ControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CursorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Cursor property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DataContext property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Deactivate</td>
<td>Occurs when the form loses focus and is no longer the active form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DockChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Dock property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is double-clicked.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DpiChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the DPI setting changes on the display device where the form is currently displayed.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DpiChangedAfterParent</td>
<td>Occurs when the DPI setting for a control is changed programmatically after the DPI of its parent control or form has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DpiChangedBeforeParent</td>
<td>Occurs when the DPI setting for a control is changed programmatically before a DPI change event for its parent control or form has occurred.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragDrop</td>
<td>Occurs when a drag-and-drop operation is completed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged into the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged out of the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragOver</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged over the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EnabledChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Enabled property value has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enter</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is entered.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Font property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ForeColor property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FormClosed</td>
<td>Occurs after the form is closed.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FormClosing</td>
<td>Occurs before the form is closed.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GiveFeedback</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f84a8de7-ea6a-3034-1b25-a3bfe72841db.md">GlobalPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the Global palette changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GotFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the control receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HandleCreated</td>
<td>Occurs when a handle is created for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HandleDestroyed</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's handle is in the process of being destroyed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HelpButtonClicked</td>
<td>Occurs when the Help button is clicked.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HelpRequested</td>
<td>Occurs when the user requests help for a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ImeMode property has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InputLanguageChanged</td>
<td>Occurs after the input language of the form has changed.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InputLanguageChanging</td>
<td>Occurs when the user attempts to change the input language for the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidated</td>
<td>Occurs when a control's display requires redrawing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyDown</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is pressed while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyPress</td>
<td>Occurs when a character. space or backspace key is pressed while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyUp</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is released while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Layout</td>
<td>Occurs when a control should reposition its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Leave</td>
<td>Occurs when the input focus leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Load</td>
<td>Occurs before a form is displayed for the first time.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LocationChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Location property value has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LostFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the control loses focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MarginChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's margin changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximizedBoundsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the MaximizedBounds property has changed.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the MaximumSize property has changed.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MdiChildActivate</td>
<td>Occurs when a multiple-document interface (MDI) child form is activated or closed within an MDI application.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MenuComplete</td>
<td>Occurs when the menu of a form loses focus.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MenuStart</td>
<td>Occurs when the menu of a form receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the MinimumSize property has changed.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseCaptureChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control loses mouse capture.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is clicked by the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is double clicked by the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDown</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the control and a mouse button is pressed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer enters the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseHover</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer rests on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseMove</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is moved over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseUp</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the control and a mouse button is released.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseWheel</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse wheel moves while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Move</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is moved.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PaddingChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's padding changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Paint</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is redrawn.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6ed2f827-78b4-869d-267f-55c37df9ee66.md">PaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the palette changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ParentChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Parent property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreviewKeyDown</td>
<td>Occurs before the KeyDown event when a key is pressed while focus is on this control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryAccessibilityHelp</td>
<td>Occurs when AccessibleObject is providing help to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag-and-drop operation and enables the drag source to determine whether the drag-and-drop operation should be canceled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RegionChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Region property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Resize</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeBegin</td>
<td>Occurs when a form enters resizing mode.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeEnd</td>
<td>Occurs when a form exits resizing mode.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the RightToLeft property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeftLayoutChanged</td>
<td>Occurs after the value of the RightToLeftLayout property changes.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Scroll</td>
<td>Occurs when the user or code scrolls through the client area.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Shown</td>
<td>Occurs whenever the form is first displayed.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Size property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control style changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SystemColorsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the system colors change.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndexChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the TabIndex property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStopChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the TabStop property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Text property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validated</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is finished validating.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validating</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is validating.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VisibleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Visible property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
