# KryptonRibbonQATButton Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b926d93e-2df2-f683-e895-78f2993aca5f.md">GetEnabled</a></td>
<td>Gets the entry enabled state.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1ff12822-9f60-729d-066a-aec75f489142.md">GetImage</a></td>
<td>Gets the entry image.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dbf2c82c-a54d-68eb-ff4a-3a5f8a7bb0d0.md">GetShortcutKeys</a></td>
<td>Gets the entry shortcut keys state.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f065abc-3dd5-4afc-787d-d9462ca60476.md">GetText</a></td>
<td>Gets the entry text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e56b4ef8-bb10-8d57-046e-57df16b77eb0.md">GetToolTipBody</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the body text for the item ToolTip.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ca2f193e-dc08-c5c4-5544-0bf4b0b0e547.md">GetToolTipImage</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the image for the item ToolTip.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c4a7cdd4-4756-509c-48af-3cfdf8c0d1c0.md">GetToolTipImageTransparentColor</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the color to draw as transparent in the ToolTipImage.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8b4c988a-b031-69cd-d11f-1a58740c51c9.md">GetToolTipShadow</a></td>
<td>Gets the tool tip shadow value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="08b243ba-2b62-4e24-e8bb-9ac2d99f7999.md">GetToolTipStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the tooltip label style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0fef642c-c01a-a77b-2f2a-d1d6e57c123e.md">GetToolTipTitle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the title text for the item ToolTip.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4bfa4fe6-8726-163e-e9d6-df7e64924f86.md">GetVisible</a></td>
<td>Gets the entry visible state.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cae01d0e-cff1-e232-9d07-baf86454b798.md">Hide</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon tab hidden.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c259b083-c86b-c163-5dd7-012294b8bb80.md">OnClick</a></td>
<td>Raises the Click event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="841c620a-2100-1edd-c422-9a404034ffb5.md">OnCommandPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Handles a change in the property of an attached command.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4f41a4e5-e6e8-fed6-6996-86a97bc3beef.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e4f30baa-bd16-e3eb-b5a9-f6b6893e5017.md">PerformClick</a></td>
<td>Generates a Click event for a button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="50920f58-5bff-c73f-b9c1-7bc3139ddb91.md">ResetShortcutKeys</a></td>
<td>Resets the ShortcutKeys property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d32479de-c10a-c065-0784-0e7a7a829db3.md">SetRibbon</a></td>
<td>Provides a back reference to the owning ribbon control instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="397521c5-7e93-eb59-e6fa-e76678f26d90.md">SetVisible</a></td>
<td>Sets a new value for the visible state.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e4f85340-1884-4e0a-0c16-eb5af318e549.md">Show</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon tab visible.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="46639fb1-b6a2-c27c-c5de-d80f81cf787d.md">KryptonRibbonQATButton Class</a>  
<a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon Namespace</a>  
