# KryptonToolStrip Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether drag-and-drop and item reordering are handled through events that you implement.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowItemReorder</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether drag-and-drop and item reordering are handled privately by the ToolStrip class.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowMerge</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether multiple MenuStrip, ToolStripDropDownMenu, ToolStripMenuItem, and other types can be combined.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Anchor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the edges of the container to which a ToolStrip is bound and determines how a ToolStrip is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollMargin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size of the auto-scroll margin.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollMinSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the minimum size of the auto-scroll.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollPosition</td>
<td>Gets or sets the location of the auto-scroll position.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is automatically resized to display its entire contents.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the background color for the ToolStrip.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImage</td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageLayout</td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image layout as defined in the ImageLayout enumeration.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the binding context for the ToolStrip.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanOverflow</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether items in the ToolStrip can be sent to an overflow menu.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the ToolStrip causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStrip</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ContextMenuStrip associated with this control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Controls</td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateParams</td>
<td>Gets the required creation parameters when the control handle is created.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the ToolStrip.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultDock</td>
<td>Gets the docking location of the ToolStrip, indicating which borders are docked to the container.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultDropDownDirection</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value representing the default direction in which a ToolStripDropDown control is displayed relative to the ToolStrip.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultGripMargin</td>
<td>Gets the default spacing, in pixels, between the sizing grip and the edges of the ToolStrip.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the spacing, in pixels, between the ToolStrip and the ToolStripContainer.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a ToolStrip.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultShowItemToolTips</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether ToolTips are shown for the ToolStrip by default.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultSize</td>
<td>Gets the default size of the ToolStrip.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayedItems</td>
<td>Gets the subset of items that are currently displayed on the ToolStrip, including items that are automatically added into the ToolStrip.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Retrieves the current display rectangle.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dock</td>
<td>Gets or sets which ToolStrip borders are docked to its parent control and determines how a ToolStrip is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focused</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Font</td>
<td>Gets or sets the font used to display text in the control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ForeColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the foreground color of the ToolStrip.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GripDisplayStyle</td>
<td>Gets the orientation of the ToolStrip move handle.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GripMargin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space around the ToolStrip move handle.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GripRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the boundaries of the ToolStrip move handle.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GripStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets whether the ToolStrip move handle is visible or hidden.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HorizontalScroll</td>
<td>Gets the characteristics associated with the horizontal scroll bar.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HScroll</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the horizontal scroll bar is visible.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageList</td>
<td>Gets or sets the image list that contains the image displayed on a ToolStrip item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageScalingSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size, in pixels, of an image used on a ToolStrip.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsCurrentlyDragging</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user is currently moving the ToolStrip from one ToolStripContainer to another.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDropDown</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether a ToolStrip is a ToolStripDropDown control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Items</td>
<td>Gets all the items that belong to a ToolStrip.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Passes a reference to the cached LayoutEngine returned by the layout engine interface.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutSettings</td>
<td>Gets or sets layout scheme characteristics.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating how the ToolStrip lays out the items collection.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the upper limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaxItemSize</td>
<td>Gets the maximum height and width, in pixels, of the ToolStrip.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the lower limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Orientation</td>
<td>Gets the orientation of the ToolStripPanel.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OverflowButton</td>
<td>Gets the ToolStripItem that is the overflow button for a ToolStrip with overflow enabled.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets padding within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Renderer</td>
<td>Gets or sets a ToolStripRenderer used to customize the look and feel of a ToolStrip.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value that indicates which visual styles will be applied to the ToolStrip.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowItemToolTips</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether ToolTips are to be displayed on ToolStrip items.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Stretch</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the ToolStrip stretches from end to end in the ToolStripContainer.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can give the focus to an item in the ToolStrip using the TAB key.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Text</td>
<td>Gets or sets the text associated with this control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TextDirection</td>
<td>Gets or sets the direction in which to draw text on a ToolStrip.<br />(Inherited from ToolStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VerticalScroll</td>
<td>Gets the characteristics associated with the vertical scroll bar.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VScroll</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the vertical scroll bar is visible.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="e2c3d02e-9548-ea23-a073-7551b75da9e2.md">KryptonToolStrip Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
