# DragTargetHint Class


Specifies a hint about the action that occurs on drop.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Navigator (in Krypton.Navigator.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
[FlagsAttribute]
public sealed class DragTargetHint : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
<FlagsAttribute>
Public NotInheritable Class DragTargetHint
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  DragTargetHint</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="ebd26ce1-7e10-2fe6-a201-c92e94150337.md">EdgeBottom</a></td>
<td>Specifies the target will position drop at the bottom edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="17fd266c-0db6-0c12-0f03-fa4e1589ccbd.md">EdgeLeft</a></td>
<td>Specifies the target will position drop at the left edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ee4f18cd-e27a-1b29-726d-756f2ae6a55b.md">EdgeRight</a></td>
<td>Specifies the target will position drop at the right edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd5c8d9c-3edb-f633-3b96-4ea0a3b943d5.md">EdgeTop</a></td>
<td>Specifies the target will position drop at the top edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f5c93558-6833-deb1-a276-6907f9bdc4eb.md">ExcludeCluster</a></td>
<td>Specifies the target does not allow itself to be combined with others for cluster docking.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4976cc09-161f-46cf-446d-6a349ab3a748.md">ExcludeFlags</a></td>
<td>Specifies the target will transfer content into the target.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="df6835e9-7a49-6886-08d8-43c35c998a42.md">None</a></td>
<td>Specifies the target has no hint information.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="62a0e94f-0592-a953-3878-2994df74747a.md">Transfer</a></td>
<td>Specifies the target will transfer content into the target.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1958c4bf-08fb-365f-58a7-4d933077d59c.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
