# PopupPagePosition Class


Specifies how to auto calculate the popup page position.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Navigator (in Krypton.Navigator.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
[TypeConverterAttribute(typeof(PopupPagePositionConverter))]
public sealed class PopupPagePosition : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
<TypeConverterAttribute(GetType(PopupPagePositionConverter))>
Public NotInheritable Class PopupPagePosition
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  PopupPagePosition</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="fb735444-5303-bb63-c013-9723095015cb.md">AboveFar</a></td>
<td>Specifies the popup is above the relative item and aligned to far edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e26021cc-476b-af23-13c4-6c5f53df6fa8.md">AboveMatch</a></td>
<td>Specifies the popup is above the relative item and same width as the relative item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7d6104ef-e6ab-4d13-2742-f0936f37045a.md">AboveNear</a></td>
<td>Specifies the popup is above the relative item and aligned to near edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="acfd805a-33ac-3048-4091-6b19418a7f30.md">BelowFar</a></td>
<td>Specifies the popup is below the relative item and aligned to far edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="651e5ea9-74b6-6b8b-4976-8628e6c3b06e.md">BelowMatch</a></td>
<td>Specifies the popup is below the relative item and same width as the relative item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c8ed8e46-86f4-b0ab-b3d2-2e7bcdb3f2e0.md">BelowNear</a></td>
<td>Specifies the popup is below the relative item and aligned to near edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ead02ee5-661d-c541-c628-2f63cbff964d.md">FarBottom</a></td>
<td>Specifies the popup is to the far side of the relative item and aligned to the bottom edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ce2e9429-34ac-26d1-37b8-01cd2374c2d1.md">FarMatch</a></td>
<td>Specifies the popup is to the far side of the relative item and same height as the relative item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4f0624ca-8374-fb74-123f-821dff7dee5a.md">FarTop</a></td>
<td>Specifies the popup is to the far side of the relative item and aligned to the top edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1709fca3-d2fa-0f0d-99c6-535728599a37.md">ModeAppropriate</a></td>
<td>Specifies the popup is positioned appropriately for the mode and mode settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="edba3094-eb4d-71eb-afbe-c8f3fb832613.md">NearBottom</a></td>
<td>Specifies the popup is to the near side of the relative item and aligned to the bottom edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b729242e-ead6-fe5a-3522-9000cd03d91b.md">NearMatch</a></td>
<td>Specifies the popup is to the near side of the relative item and same height as the relative item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f2324274-d8d7-561a-5441-3339c719860c.md">NearTop</a></td>
<td>Specifies the popup is to the near side of the relative item and aligned to the top edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="38277e5b-cf77-ad7a-c841-1a3dd8a5fac7.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
