# DropDockingIndicatorsSquare Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AcceptButton</td>
<td>Gets or sets the button on the form that is clicked when the user presses the ENTER key.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="241afa3e-0947-caae-8ca1-3cb793b2e41b.md">ActiveControl</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the active control on the container control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ActiveMdiChild</td>
<td>Gets the currently active multiple-document interface (MDI) child window.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="97e91d66-fcaa-7377-ac17-8c905707b876.md">AllowButtonSpecToolTips</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if tooltips should be Displayed for button specs.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can accept data that the user drags onto it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4370386f-7415-c0a2-9abd-3917102afe9b.md">AllowFormChrome</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating if custom chrome is allowed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a413e2bd-d65d-5bc4-9d27-c1167f213d7d.md">AllowStatusStripMerge</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating if the form status strip be considered for merging into chrome.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowTransparency</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the opacity of the form can be adjusted.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Anchor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the edges of the container to which a control is bound and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScaleDimensions</td>
<td>Gets or sets the dimensions that the control was designed to.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScaleFactor</td>
<td>Gets the scaling factor between the current and design-time automatic scaling dimensions.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScaleMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the automatic scaling mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScroll</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the form enables autoscrolling.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollMargin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size of the auto-scroll margin.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollMinSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the minimum size of the auto-scroll.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollPosition</td>
<td>Gets or sets the location of the auto-scroll position.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoSize</td>
<td>Resize the form according to the setting of AutoSizeMode.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the mode by which the form automatically resizes itself.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoValidate</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value that indicates whether controls in this container will be automatically validated when the focus changes.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the background color for the control.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImage</td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageLayout</td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image layout as defined in the ImageLayout enumeration.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b7f8f1a1-e7e3-9c88-0b6d-a2f8249139af.md">BackStyle</a></td>
<td><br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4591eeca-92f3-b769-da66-33b1ed89f19b.md">BlurValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the button content.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bf158605-b05b-08d5-55c9-0b95cca582cd.md">ButtonSpecs</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of button specifications.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CancelButton</td>
<td>Gets or sets the button control that is clicked when the user presses the ESC key.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size of the client area of the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aa5f3921-3dae-ed34-10c6-888e8e50a52b.md">CloseBox</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the Close button is displayed in the caption bar of the form.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStrip</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ContextMenuStrip associated with this control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlBox</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether a control box is displayed in the caption bar of the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Controls</td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d7e6aef3-39d4-b370-7a81-af7eca59efeb.md">CornerRoundingRadius</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the corner rounding radius.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="656dae58-7558-2b11-f3cd-f94e5db979f2.md">CreateParams</a></td>
<td>Example by juverpp<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CurrentAutoScaleDimensions</td>
<td>Gets the current run-time dimensions of the screen.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by the control.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultSize</td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesktopBounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the form on the Windows desktop.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesktopLocation</td>
<td>Gets or sets the location of the form on the Windows desktop.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DialogResult</td>
<td>Gets or sets the dialog result for the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the virtual display area of the control.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dock</td>
<td>Gets or sets which control borders are docked to its parent control and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focused</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Font</td>
<td>Gets or sets the font of the text displayed by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ForeColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the foreground color of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FormBorderStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets the border style of the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="44bd9da0-c259-18a5-3d68-4c10eca14e12.md">FormTitleAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the header edge to display the button against.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fc4aeebc-88fa-ab8c-7257-eb5b8da30fd7.md">GroupBackStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the chrome group background style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bbc14ade-e594-8214-6504-a11970991dcc.md">GroupBorderStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the chrome group border style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="294af4e8-bc5c-f991-0966-4c88edc5c4c0.md">HeaderStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the header style for a main form.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c5b5c4b0-f89d-0ad7-3626-dc565767255e.md">HelpButton</a></td>
<td>Please use a ButtonSpec, as this gives greater flexibility!<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HorizontalScroll</td>
<td>Gets the characteristics associated with the horizontal scroll bar.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HScroll</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the horizontal scroll bar is visible.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Icon</td>
<td>Gets or sets the icon for the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="924b6ad8-f62a-5184-8544-ae66ffb300ba.md">IsInAdministratorMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this instance is in administrator mode.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMdiChild</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the form is a multiple-document interface (MDI) child form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMdiContainer</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the form is a container for multiple-document interface (MDI) child forms.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsRestrictedWindow</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the form can use all windows and user input events without restriction.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyPreview</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the form will receive key events before the event is passed to the control that has focus.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Point that represents the upper-left corner of the Form in screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MainMenuStrip</td>
<td>Gets or sets the primary menu container for the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximizeBox</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the Maximize button is displayed in the caption bar of the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximizedBounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size of the form when it is maximized.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the maximum size the form can be resized to.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MdiChildren</td>
<td>Gets an array of forms that represent the multiple-document interface (MDI) child forms that are parented to this form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MdiChildrenMinimizedAnchorBottom</td>
<td>Gets or sets the anchoring for minimized MDI children.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MdiParent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the current multiple-document interface (MDI) parent form of this form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimizeBox</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the Minimize button is displayed in the caption bar of the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the minimum size the form can be resized to.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Modal</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this form is displayed modally.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8e89f84f-ea0b-bf0e-52d2-7565bdefbdbb.md">NeedLayout</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need to layout the view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9351b7e5-62b6-a21e-bf1e-15cfa530bb3c.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Opacity</td>
<td>Gets or sets the opacity level of the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OwnedForms</td>
<td>Gets an array of Form objects that represent all forms that are owned by this form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Owner</td>
<td>Gets or sets the form that owns this form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets padding within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="deb14b21-7376-c266-5e2b-a8df64280bae.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d5288614-636f-2844-15a9-de96b6a0754b.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ParentForm</td>
<td>Gets the form that the container control is assigned to.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c4cb0fe3-21ad-a094-aac0-d2662cb26a32.md">RealWindowRectangle</a></td>
<td>Gets rectangle that is the real window rectangle based on Win32 API call.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a90fdfc6-4ace-2456-3caf-d92221812cd9.md">Redirector</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the palette redirector.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6bce88b6-38a2-7f33-ca8f-4d9802c6dc08.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RestoreBounds</td>
<td>Gets the location and size of the form in its normal window state.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeftLayout</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether right-to-left mirror placement is turned on.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2d8424aa-ada6-435c-d70f-3a2324d8eb35.md">ShadowValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the button content.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowIcon</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether an icon is displayed in the caption bar of the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowInTaskbar</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the form is displayed in the Windows taskbar.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowWithoutActivation</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the window will be activated when it is shown.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size of the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeGripStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets the style of the size grip to display in the lower-right corner of the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StartPosition</td>
<td>Gets or sets the starting position of the form at run time.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="39299da4-0f83-117a-9301-8ad0b981467e.md">StateActive</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the active form appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b03d4815-f919-92b1-5abd-f7a7da27f161.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common form appearance entries that other states can override.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="488cbf5b-a355-e4f7-2377-6c0f7e48b593.md">StateInactive</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the inactive form appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can give the focus to this control using the TAB key.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Text</td>
<td>Gets or sets the text associated with this control.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c1fcd6ad-0515-4062-af3e-a2055d381fe6.md">TextExtra</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the extra text associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="36b4bb38-5330-5d97-9c41-7469ee60428a.md">TitleStyle</a></td>
<td>Arranges the current window title alignment.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cc00f5e5-26eb-db97-7cad-6c81db520c7c.md">ToolBarManager</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the tool bar manager.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="185a5ec7-c4ad-6d80-2dae-cd8fd2d93fed.md">ToolTipManager</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ToolTipManager used for displaying tool tips.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevel</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to display the form as a top-level window.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopMost</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the form should be displayed as a topmost form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TransparencyKey</td>
<td>Gets or sets the color that will represent transparent areas of the form.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1a001081-25bd-42d3-cb2f-322b21c17843.md">UseDropShadow</a></td>
<td>Allows the use of drop shadow around the form.<br />(Inherited from <a href="13b29650-b21b-35d6-8387-a6f0a5ca154d.md">KryptonForm</a>)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VerticalScroll</td>
<td>Gets the characteristics associated with the vertical scroll bar.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c7a80f9f-7c80-5dce-66de-e9512765aed5.md">ViewManager</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ViewManager instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="bd185a29-8954-1412-8e7c-67631bab3d9c.md">VisualForm</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VScroll</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the vertical scroll bar is visible.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>WindowState</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value that indicates whether form is minimized, maximized, or normal.<br />(Inherited from Form)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="3eb5be77-8190-54e2-4754-fe6935a13fb2.md">DropDockingIndicatorsSquare Class</a>  
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
