# KryptonColorTable2010SilverLightMode Class


Provide KryptonColorTable2010SilverLightMode values using an array of Color values as the source.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonColorTable2010SilverLightMode : KryptonColorTable
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonColorTable2010SilverLightMode
	Inherits KryptonColorTable
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ProfessionalColorTable  →  <a href="dea02866-c4bb-a4a9-94c0-3c39ed614761.md">KryptonColorTable</a>  →  KryptonColorTable2010SilverLightMode</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="7d18dc71-83b0-37a3-b482-b3d97702031a.md">KryptonColorTable2010SilverLightMode</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonColorTable2010SilverLightMode class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="9d1844ee-cbda-dfa3-660d-d839e7622cd7.md">ButtonCheckedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the background starting color for a checked button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="94e10ee1-bc0b-4c78-07dc-e4a60fe2e11b.md">ButtonCheckedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the background ending color for a checked button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="98025e3c-7568-6379-ecea-29bd65778304.md">ButtonCheckedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background middle color for a checked button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6d7cb1ac-f306-949e-34c9-00292bbcec3a.md">ButtonCheckedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight background for a checked button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedHighlight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0aa0307-dadb-b195-3605-a629e5fb8fa6.md">ButtonCheckedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight border for a checked button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedHighlightBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d6559f03-11ff-3aab-cb76-e283daacd6bd.md">ButtonPressedBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color for a button being pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2b98b2d6-183d-e48a-8da7-0fbb44a36fbb.md">ButtonPressedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the background starting color for a button being pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7305921b-2d58-52d5-20b4-06fbe7f9a207.md">ButtonPressedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the background ending color for a button being pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ff9c8f93-9b99-cbd3-632a-a5dec402e711.md">ButtonPressedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background middle color for a button being pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="11f4d237-64c2-dccc-6ac2-77b39a86ce84.md">ButtonPressedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight background for a pressed button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedHighlight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4a0eea9b-17e2-6340-3c18-a4ae5f782ed5.md">ButtonPressedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight border for a pressed button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedHighlightBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f3d7f549-70a6-cdbc-986e-205338ae756d.md">ButtonSelectedBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color for a button being selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fdec3488-4fbf-cd72-cabd-4a6c6d5b067b.md">ButtonSelectedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the background starting color for a button being selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c7c12be6-16dd-0983-e0ae-406fc4ff368c.md">ButtonSelectedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the background ending color for a button being selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f2cd66d3-19b3-4a8a-23de-cb8198f6c32d.md">ButtonSelectedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background middle color for a button being selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5e3ae303-85b9-0038-0ae8-b9268fb5b960.md">ButtonSelectedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight background for a selected button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedHighlight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="22ae8c8a-41a2-a4c0-ae10-f83d5a3abfbe.md">ButtonSelectedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight border for a selected button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedHighlightBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1a62b0b3-365b-cd71-2c4d-a10404f101d9.md">CheckBackground</a></td>
<td>Get background of the check mark area.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.CheckBackground)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e0fd164c-73ad-9051-d4ec-1dc8cacc82ce.md">CheckPressedBackground</a></td>
<td>Get background of a pressed check mark area.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.CheckPressedBackground)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c405daf9-5b55-3bf2-0140-c8a5196ee4a3.md">CheckSelectedBackground</a></td>
<td>Get background of a selected check mark area.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.CheckSelectedBackground)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ba5417f6-dbdb-0a09-0f37-4b63d84b675a.md">Colors</a></td>
<td>Gets the raw set of colors.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0d0b1615-03cc-9901-02fd-8e13fa8fd044.md">GripDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the dark color used to draw grips.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.GripDark)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0176e6c9-9a22-b94b-498c-383a50a101c5.md">GripLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the light color used to draw grips.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.GripLight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cc87e7f7-34a3-db42-2e8e-eba83d8bbc3d.md">ImageMarginGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color for the context menu margin.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c3966954-2b3e-171a-8d40-04af2cd9db41.md">ImageMarginGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the ending color for the context menu margin.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="020a474e-b5dd-4975-ab23-db0c86125b54.md">ImageMarginGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color for the context menu margin.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="15373f32-e7e3-324f-f579-986750b6d75c.md">ImageMarginRevealedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color for the context menu margin revealed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginRevealedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9df553c2-c7ba-4135-e3c8-f9f055dbe015.md">ImageMarginRevealedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the ending color for the context menu margin revealed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginRevealedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8c989f84-49c2-90ed-b312-4e9dc7ee9c5f.md">ImageMarginRevealedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color for the context menu margin revealed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginRevealedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4287b7b2-5bce-42b2-8752-41a7fce81f0c.md">MenuBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the color of the border around menus.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ba157637-a30e-684b-8c3f-8817aad78a4c.md">MenuItemBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color for around the menu item.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c1618c26-c06d-4bc3-938d-ea63a7ed8730.md">MenuItemPressedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed down.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemPressedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3a0de056-f423-f27a-6645-a231b98817e3.md">MenuItemPressedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed down.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemPressedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5baa3525-785b-ada9-3eb6-af29e7f60605.md">MenuItemPressedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed down.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemPressedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7635b35e-b518-cce7-1441-83f75287eebd.md">MenuItemSelected</a></td>
<td>Gets the color of a selected menu item.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemSelected)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c76af71a-7424-1cf5-4638-95a989475c90.md">MenuItemSelectedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used when the ToolStripMenuItem is selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemSelectedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="61835579-fd80-4180-f475-0758c7a90709.md">MenuItemSelectedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used when the ToolStripMenuItem is selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemSelectedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f9f6c282-3e32-0488-83f1-310ea6fb6ae7.md">MenuItemText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the menu items.<br />(Overrides <a href="bf5ef5b1-9be2-555a-03e6-f3a4f8cbfdcc.md">KryptonColorTable.MenuItemText</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b980d57c-b006-ae40-a3bd-380dd59f66b0.md">MenuStripFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font used on the menu strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="b6ef872c-406f-7471-482e-2ec54dce7743.md">KryptonColorTable.MenuStripFont</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6cc1c792-ad77-952f-7667-0ca414fd67e0.md">MenuStripGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the MenuStrip.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuStripGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e16b69b0-a13c-c85e-0c22-8eb8768ef41a.md">MenuStripGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the MenuStrip.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuStripGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="641b29a0-48c3-7a5a-ce05-78686d80741d.md">MenuStripText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the menu strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="a1a476de-b35c-977c-1f23-fef0e03abc48.md">KryptonColorTable.MenuStripText</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5a8cb154-875e-fbcf-99f8-f6a18fce1ed0.md">OverflowButtonGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.OverflowButtonGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cb170ff3-3bad-9318-1b94-4fccc87f03a5.md">OverflowButtonGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.OverflowButtonGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8c420328-2643-4db3-7aa3-026431891b6e.md">OverflowButtonGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.OverflowButtonGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5402a30e-107d-4479-d1f2-397262be6b24.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets the associated palette instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="dea02866-c4bb-a4a9-94c0-3c39ed614761.md">KryptonColorTable</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="87088082-e692-4097-1c07-5fede286c3b5.md">RaftingContainerGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripContainer.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.RaftingContainerGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5e45b18b-96e3-7abc-608c-93032b92ca25.md">RaftingContainerGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripContainer.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.RaftingContainerGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="112b1ee2-b498-f66f-3c3f-e89c374f7064.md">SeparatorDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the dark separator color.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.SeparatorDark)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a49019e5-ac46-5341-95f5-e6d0513b9a55.md">SeparatorLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the light separator color.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.SeparatorLight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StatusStripBorder</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3222d9f0-dffc-5175-1e8d-892c99ba2bbf.md">StatusStripFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font used on the status strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="9ebed260-f09c-e4cb-fe1f-c316142558e7.md">KryptonColorTable.StatusStripFont</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e74d955d-03b8-5549-9511-db1533068408.md">StatusStripGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color for the status strip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.StatusStripGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c0da1574-b26d-cc38-99bc-592594fceafe.md">StatusStripGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the ending color for the status strip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.StatusStripGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="367de11d-bc99-9927-700b-87dfc9caac00.md">StatusStripText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the status strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="01632758-e1ce-3543-6a11-29f340b923e5.md">KryptonColorTable.StatusStripText</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d97ac53e-e55e-0450-f1f0-6581b8dac11b.md">ToolStripBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color to use on the bottom edge of the ToolStrip.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c8b3eb5a-b9b1-5135-c00a-17be52e2ecbe.md">ToolStripContentPanelGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color for the content panel background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripContentPanelGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3f62976c-3cf7-f9e2-dd96-3d6fa1d094e6.md">ToolStripContentPanelGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the ending color for the content panel background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripContentPanelGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2f08f46f-bfc6-efe1-6fad-887350513f7e.md">ToolStripDropDownBackground</a></td>
<td>Gets the background color for drop down menus.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripDropDownBackground)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b49e89ca-054b-9414-48cc-70d097fd0513.md">ToolStripFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font used on the tool strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="f4298298-46cc-e27b-a4cb-8add7f253083.md">KryptonColorTable.ToolStripFont</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="25142a8e-c045-915b-a4d9-f7c64afe655f.md">ToolStripGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6b42d2e8-9452-b1c8-a715-ec6393d39da5.md">ToolStripGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="51f6883a-7b18-5787-2702-b7e16dae7455.md">ToolStripGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5954755b-e0ba-a7bb-c2b6-dc41d94724f8.md">ToolStripPanelGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripPanel.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripPanelGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="82c89f39-c973-68f8-35d9-5267b2436909.md">ToolStripPanelGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripPanel.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripPanelGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="98310328-c3ce-253d-564d-967a5f206ebf.md">ToolStripText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the tool strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="79d91581-1635-df06-699e-90c821c48509.md">KryptonColorTable.ToolStripText</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0223526d-4c33-46b1-749e-cadf01840f3f.md">UseRoundedEdges</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if rounded egdes are required.<br />(Overrides <a href="16893f9b-41f9-0398-61d5-ab2e1a31331c.md">KryptonColorTable.UseRoundedEdges</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseSystemColors</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use SystemColors rather than colors that match the current visual style.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
