# PaletteBorderEdgeRedirect Class


Implement storage for palette border edge details.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class PaletteBorderEdgeRedirect : PaletteBack, 
	IPaletteBorder
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class PaletteBorderEdgeRedirect
	Inherits PaletteBack
	Implements IPaletteBorder
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>  →  <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>  →  PaletteBorderEdgeRedirect</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td><a href="dd253da2-d489-07ff-6865-3729039fb875.md">IPaletteBorder</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="dbbed57f-496b-1492-cb5c-95f54d556310.md">PaletteBorderEdgeRedirect</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the PaletteBorderEdge class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="80e6b462-650d-9ea7-2ba7-67d779d63758.md">Color1</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the first background color.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="88078d37-c1c7-1ebc-16b5-5c88e6af8e16.md">Color2</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the second background color.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dc1ca40f-52f0-5176-1018-f3d5056ad4b7.md">ColorAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets and set the color alignment.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0329bad3-50b5-0908-9df6-ed0c0aeb5686.md">ColorAngle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the color angle.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="87daad97-6f58-b159-0677-78b98c5325eb.md">ColorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the color drawing style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="57b0a4c1-4c9e-a6f1-e781-db762fb65070.md">Draw</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if background should be drawn.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bb8b2302-91c1-aea5-494c-322a1b8f549c.md">GraphicsHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the graphics hint for drawing the background.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1cf6265b-3f49-cf0e-d1fd-e2f4cc51d5a4.md">Image</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the background image.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6ab7b6a4-89ba-ba0a-4b9d-5727e9847a72.md">ImageAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets and set the image alignment.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="06fc617b-7b42-e340-098a-18c45366574c.md">ImageStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the background image style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5655c594-223d-f9e3-32f8-fb626a4a7659.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all values are default.<br />(Overrides <a href="2601d533-8912-bf55-f557-971bf4861e33.md">PaletteBack.IsDefault</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="097a0f47-e60c-4bf7-802c-8391c6d8feff.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="879ca7f2-32c5-8581-44f2-c7aee6491db2.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="703cd882-8a60-42f7-c9b0-cd46db2fe21e.md">Width</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border width.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="51ff5a0e-3612-7d5d-0be0-053f841406c4.md">GetBackColor1</a></td>
<td>Gets the first background color.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6dec28b1-06c3-dfdd-d11d-cae9d11dc5ec.md">GetBackColor2</a></td>
<td>Gets the second back color.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6f31eaa4-5a54-422e-6c44-50cbcff935b4.md">GetBackColorAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the color alignment style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="84c057cb-d995-1366-9dcd-ba68a3647338.md">GetBackColorAngle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color background angle.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="96afe8d3-f3b1-c0d6-c5ac-7a29a25de010.md">GetBackColorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color drawing style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f9354e83-8702-7ca6-9c7d-698352ce7435.md">GetBackDraw</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual background draw value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0d0f1019-14b2-0508-bb5e-b02efd62e944.md">GetBackGraphicsHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual background graphics hint value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1a746047-cbb3-3f3d-f1a8-ff71a92c3c3e.md">GetBackImage</a></td>
<td>Gets a background image.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a6bd496e-1e26-7df1-66d6-c600d7b26e3b.md">GetBackImageAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the image alignment style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="35302cfe-e09c-0bfb-4f7a-3d2548e39c27.md">GetBackImageStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background image style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="494b79fa-e8d1-e011-20b2-b8390dcba1b7.md">GetBorderColor1</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual first border color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="86c45dd2-6069-0128-32f6-20c9e9fd7742.md">GetBorderColor2</a></td>
<td>Gets the second border color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4564d07a-82d9-9b4b-f85f-cf4f86f44c9b.md">GetBorderColorAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the color alignment style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="471ea07c-d108-2e44-fac2-47cc17cf2e89.md">GetBorderColorAngle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color border angle.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="036bde71-546d-09b9-de7e-d68be64eec21.md">GetBorderColorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color drawing style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6e207dbc-f237-7946-9d7e-6e0bf360b109.md">GetBorderDraw</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual border draw value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8e8315c6-2035-ba0d-e457-e45d91659dee.md">GetBorderDrawBorders</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual borders to draw value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8c4f5774-e3f5-ed0c-f8be-749e246ca6dc.md">GetBorderGraphicsHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual border graphics hint value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="83e5a89b-00e2-b763-27e8-61ba26e04f98.md">GetBorderImage</a></td>
<td>Gets a border image.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8e199713-08de-9a2e-2466-eb1c052deede.md">GetBorderImageAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the image alignment style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e6df9529-b865-d047-82f6-4212c0be15e5.md">GetBorderImageStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the border image style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4748914c-8739-a5e0-f56a-500caba55b7b.md">GetBorderRounding</a></td>
<td>Gets the border rounding.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8a4608cd-8873-0069-cf6d-13d7c25c0775.md">GetBorderWidth</a></td>
<td>Gets the border width.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="64ce4f28-dc4c-4a75-6150-b3e62b75a68c.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="65290835-b172-9cf4-3194-1e8c5df93388.md">PopulateFromBase</a></td>
<td>Populate values from the base palette.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a77ac2a1-53ed-f93a-042f-df86b3946671.md">SetInherit</a></td>
<td>Sets the inheritance parent.<br />(Inherited from <a href="83e73f8f-6bf0-dca7-bfaa-c738568ff766.md">PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dc181ffa-b0e9-530d-1279-459da4ea9626.md">SetPalette</a></td>
<td>Update the source palettes for drawing.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
