# PaletteBorderInheritRedirect Class


Provide inheritance of palette border properties from source redirector.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class PaletteBorderInheritRedirect : PaletteBorderInherit
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class PaletteBorderInheritRedirect
	Inherits PaletteBorderInherit
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="57c9d957-13ae-5f76-7265-9dab218e0f72.md">PaletteBorderInherit</a>  →  PaletteBorderInheritRedirect</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="2fb82784-d283-142f-1ae5-1429bf3a3240.md">PaletteBorderInheritRedirect(PaletteRedirect)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the PaletteBorderInheritRedirect class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9f1b476c-7e98-dd4d-6116-11d53e3d6074.md">PaletteBorderInheritRedirect(PaletteRedirect, PaletteBorderStyle)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the PaletteBorderInheritRedirect class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5557723b-b1f5-a43b-f412-5e46447d1703.md">OverrideBorderToFalse</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the overriding of the border draw to always be false.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="85cedded-8aa4-4197-0c8e-f9a4e6a362af.md">Style</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the style to use when inheriting.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="28c44083-9c48-0e4a-06fa-744289f4b68f.md">GetBorderColor1</a></td>
<td>Gets the first border color from the redirector.<br />(Overrides <a href="cef7d0c4-f50c-92e9-adaa-74510af9fef3.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderColor1(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7958dbde-57b7-c8f9-19d5-42819dcbd671.md">GetBorderColor2</a></td>
<td>Gets the second border color from the redirector.<br />(Overrides <a href="a0238024-2177-82dd-f4a9-bd6375c029bc.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderColor2(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="12eddc52-ce87-f9e1-99b1-9e4a72492bcc.md">GetBorderColorAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the color alignment style from the redirector.<br />(Overrides <a href="dcd4d6c1-0b55-efd9-dfb2-ff5f0dbaa564.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderColorAlign(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d909a0a0-4258-f8d6-20d5-a57330b22038.md">GetBorderColorAngle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color border angle from the redirector.<br />(Overrides <a href="ef3c0f71-e911-19fd-bafe-584f63b81453.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderColorAngle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d25eaaa9-29d1-19c6-9905-bf07f0a19e42.md">GetBorderColorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color drawing style from the redirector.<br />(Overrides <a href="a13b5f96-142c-6f75-c179-e9a4ec2366a5.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderColorStyle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="783d8b59-617d-ade2-445b-8758c2eed00c.md">GetBorderDraw</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if border should be drawn.<br />(Overrides <a href="3ef40c86-11dc-f8c0-2059-f0db25abe7d5.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderDraw(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="07465e2d-e9ac-6381-154b-1b6befeb4187.md">GetBorderDrawBorders</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating which borders to draw.<br />(Overrides <a href="f7763d4d-5b84-ed18-eafe-7ebd05100897.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderDrawBorders(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="22588854-c0a1-a75a-0f14-3f3da0f79d72.md">GetBorderGraphicsHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the graphics drawing hint.<br />(Overrides <a href="96fe5a5c-2499-95d8-bf93-5f87742e65b4.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderGraphicsHint(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8cfcb065-5b0e-5c24-6a91-7c52c6aec55e.md">GetBorderImage</a></td>
<td>Gets a border image from the redirector.<br />(Overrides <a href="8d5209c0-c546-40ac-33c6-dd6e1d59c374.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderImage(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c04e8625-a3bf-d86b-622e-9342b7ea978c.md">GetBorderImageAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the image alignment style from the redirector.<br />(Overrides <a href="b4de4a9c-2c38-4099-e92f-c498090116c9.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderImageAlign(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="585e7f44-790d-02d6-6f08-3080e354194b.md">GetBorderImageStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the border image style from the redirector.<br />(Overrides <a href="c914a5a4-6659-23d1-a2d6-51571be4d934.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderImageStyle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="db316021-03c3-ddac-d55c-48fdf88d3d42.md">GetBorderRounding</a></td>
<td>Gets the border rounding from the redirector.<br />(Overrides <a href="d610277a-b710-e52a-224a-b70b47ff8bf8.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderRounding(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="554c0a8b-3c88-1a11-c9f7-7e2513ac0740.md">GetBorderWidth</a></td>
<td>Gets the border width from the redirector.<br />(Overrides <a href="cdfd3b1c-cad3-66b2-ef34-4fd6be572189.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderWidth(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c6c07bf4-89fb-de95-8b4e-efc949bff458.md">GetRedirector</a></td>
<td>Gets the redirector instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f0d91ca-11f5-6700-ca09-cdc9c59fa0d7.md">SetRedirector</a></td>
<td>Update the redirector with new reference.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
