# PaletteTextHint Class


Specifies a text rendering hint.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public sealed class PaletteTextHint : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public NotInheritable Class PaletteTextHint
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  PaletteTextHint</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="96779690-ffcb-10cb-afc1-9b9d06885c3b.md">AntiAlias</a></td>
<td>Specifies anti aliasing for text rendering.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1a693101-a066-2598-b85b-426d4413bbbf.md">AntiAliasGridFit</a></td>
<td>Specifies anti aliasing with grid fit for text rendering.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b45308e7-945a-4493-cf3b-dffeb5069d75.md">ClearTypeGridFit</a></td>
<td>Specifies clear type with grid fit for text rendering.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="79724974-63ef-7fc0-69b0-126f3ea66b4b.md">Inherit</a></td>
<td>Specifies text hint should be inherited.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="28070a4f-fd10-cb25-24af-86abca91b289.md">SingleBitPerPixel</a></td>
<td>Specifies single bit per pixel for text rendering.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="445e07ac-7a46-66d8-9a06-aab783f52456.md">SingleBitPerPixelGridFit</a></td>
<td>Specifies single bit for pixel with grid fit for text rendering.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5328705c-669d-111a-bfea-c13cb1cfdf6d.md">SystemDefault</a></td>
<td>Specifies system default setting for text rendering.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6d6a6d3b-df1e-3385-503f-767ec73691ee.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
