# KryptonCheckSet Class


Enforce mutual exclusive for a group of KryptonCheckButton controls.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonCheckSet : Component, 
	ISupportInitialize
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonCheckSet
	Inherits Component
	Implements ISupportInitialize
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  KryptonCheckSet</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td>ISupportInitialize</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="f3f3aa9f-abdc-3f95-f3d4-3893572f2706.md">KryptonCheckSet()</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonCheckSet class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b7678a3b-c1d5-5284-4e64-257f11f9560d.md">KryptonCheckSet(IContainer)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonCheckSet class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="b65ca902-4282-f278-0110-4a53ab02aea2.md">AllowUncheck</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if the checked button is allowed to be unchecked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the component can raise an event.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d3c29944-c2a6-d50f-93cc-98c266d68120.md">CheckButtons</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the collection of KryptonCheckButton references.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0b43c04c-d4e1-ee2c-2dd9-d4c97ca15a97.md">CheckedButton</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the currently checked button in the set.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b3458795-b805-2ab9-d5ca-3517307619f9.md">CheckedIndex</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the index of the checked button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ISite of the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="10057de9-30c2-0d95-0da7-09d47a8ba530.md">BeginInit</a></td>
<td>Signals the object that initialization is starting.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b9193d23-7a51-6523-f247-0668ac898655.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Clean up any resources being used.<br />(Overrides Component.Dispose(Boolean))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d02aabcf-bd71-9eaf-862f-b4bcafd9fbbb.md">EndInit</a></td>
<td>Signals the object that initialization is complete.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d6aed0ca-73c9-c205-c9db-79e2fdba8d09.md">OnCheckedButtonChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the CheckedButtonChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="0edbdd83-4ab7-f6d8-dbd6-2d832a97b7d8.md">CheckedButtonChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the CheckedButton property has changed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
