# KryptonWorkspaceCell Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can accept data that the user drags onto it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="082551a4-a63b-d5a3-e54d-6d544e71f6a9.md">AllowDroppingPages</a></td>
<td>Determines if the user can can drop pages in this workspace cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6a860eba-5043-7dbf-455e-589af7867b21.md">AllowPageDrag</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the default setting for allowing the page dragging from of the navigator.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="676ac32f-f12c-bc3e-139a-8011f88cf871.md">AllowPageReorder</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the default setting for allowing the page reordering using the mouse.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a3e88812-0c05-8297-9f9b-6afd8fe9abd2.md">AllowResizing</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the user can a separator to resize this workspace cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ab9c6905-0871-99b3-7ff5-5090fa04a704.md">AllowTabFocus</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets if the tab headers are allowed to take the focus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="97d4f7b6-a7d1-4dfa-5660-082e19825ecd.md">AllowTabSelect</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets if the tab headers can be selected by the users.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Anchor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the edges of the container to which a control is bound and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bb5e38c7-0f8e-c9b6-a703-2c464eb1e0ba.md">AutoSize</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the automatic resize of the control to fit contents.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e5d675cc-66e4-8517-b35e-04161c58e0ba.md">AutoSizeMode</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the auto size mode.<br />(Inherited from <a href="04aea68c-5407-e412-8834-97d772d0b25f.md">VisualSimple</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="15963746-167a-7d61-ddd9-feb2708bece8.md">BackColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background color for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="04aea68c-5407-e412-8834-97d772d0b25f.md">VisualSimple</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1cb9b3f1-d625-1f75-6f48-9cd33918e4c4.md">BackgroundImage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fbcec284-5d61-c094-4119-30a008179f8c.md">BackgroundImageLayout</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image layout.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c241b7a5-9578-624c-63c6-79cc7c8450b0.md">Bar</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the bar specific settings.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="947c34cc-bfcc-fdaf-82c8-19199a2e6d7b.md">Button</a></td>
<td>Gets access to button specifications and fixed button logic.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="17c22bec-d280-7108-91b1-9c7658c4a0c2.md">CellChildPanel</a></td>
<td>Gets the child panel used for displaying actual pages.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="762a4528-1f36-43c6-29a3-95a52c85f1e8.md">ContextMenuStrip</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the ContextMenuStrip associated with this control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="91e36d29-19f3-0207-5685-84039f94af6c.md">ControlKryptonFormFeatures</a></td>
<td><br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8485dece-20fe-95d2-5f1a-fbf338a55918.md">Controls</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateParams</td>
<td>Gets the required creation parameters when the control handle is created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0423286e-ade4-d84f-b99f-f32503dd7f4c.md">DefaultSize</a></td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the display area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c17aff2e-5da4-5627-e899-31084fabbf2b.md">DisposeOnRemove</a></td>
<td>Should the item be disposed when it is removed from the workspace.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a53134-89f8-65be-c054-65926196597b.md">DragPageNotify</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the interface for receiving page drag notifications.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ed463bf1-deee-c455-046e-59bd01d3de38.md">EvalInvokePaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to use Invoke to force a repaint.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focused</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5695830d-2e32-50c7-4a20-f6d854b3d185.md">Font</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the font of the text displayed by the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="04aea68c-5407-e412-8834-97d772d0b25f.md">VisualSimple</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a7742868-e8c2-8bd1-969d-0c70750e3fb7.md">ForeColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the foreground color for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="04aea68c-5407-e412-8834-97d772d0b25f.md">VisualSimple</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2d122749-c89c-662f-e217-19a48a8d1cdc.md">Group</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the group specific settings.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7175acb0-01dd-9d4d-2098-b10d24ae9ec4.md">Header</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the header specific settings.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19e559e5-49d6-6837-1d3e-bd30310c9e4b.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the KryptonContextMenu to show when right clicked.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c13e1b90-94d9-def3-4905-1103b4c1f671.md">LayoutOnInitialized</a></td>
<td>Should the OnInitialized call perform layout.<br />(Overrides <a href="67273803-f2dc-7bb0-03cb-dbd020a0e47d.md">KryptonNavigator.LayoutOnInitialized</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ca4795bc-9821-2b53-3e95-ac245fb604d7.md">MaximumSize</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the upper limit that GetPreferredSize can specify.<br />(Overrides Control.MaximumSize)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="03842b0d-d91d-4934-5c3e-1ea2ad6fe02a.md">MinimumSize</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the lower limit that GetPreferredSize can specify.<br />(Overrides Control.MinimumSize)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="649bac72-f119-8a01-cc0b-f28dc756b764.md">Name</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="678095d6-6b39-3159-f101-0ea558aaed02.md">NavigatorMode</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the display mode.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e8e19cb-0b87-5a93-8dae-ba685ab768d3.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd0acfd2-24e3-79cc-4d0e-393dc3db77cf.md">NeedPaintPaletteDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint palette delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76de231e-1e7e-f794-8483-ddea441042ee.md">NeedTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if transparent paint is needed<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ec82aa0b-e84e-9050-149d-7dbf32af52c8.md">Outlook</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the outlook mode specific settings.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="db8bbb82-61b4-747e-4436-88d1f5efb820.md">OverrideFocus</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the focus navigator appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d8d0a7e8-01e1-4f6a-aed6-0c7a02da0ec8.md">Owner</a></td>
<td><br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets padding within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="67550dfc-48d2-4e36-cf1e-786bf0effee2.md">PageBackStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the page background style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="945ebd48-19af-3dd0-6b34-f55f597c7e8a.md">Pages</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of pages in this navigator control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0cd21a8-cecb-c891-532e-34ba62c82f21.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41c3411b-ffb0-095e-47b4-fc6ce7c5db17.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c0adb6b6-88af-7009-85f3-c49d8f1b4343.md">Panel</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the panels specific settings.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0030dc50-5788-f511-d3de-a7d3232bfbfa.md">PopupPages</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the popup page specific settings.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="177219af-8f43-9c87-623d-ff4ae2155849.md">Redirector</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the palette redirector.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81eeb3c2-d939-1525-0987-b9cd7d94af7d.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="214b2285-dedf-71d8-5a1d-718cbd501165.md">SelectedIndex</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the index of the currently-selected page.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1b8c4f05-997f-8070-100a-1ef8a24c5564.md">SelectedPage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the currently-selected page.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="46e7c28b-ac56-c74c-1464-47047fa91602.md">Stack</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the stack specific settings.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e5a1d416-a001-bc61-80f7-e11a494b8286.md">StarSize</a></td>
<td>Star notation the describes the sizing of the workspace item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="235542db-608d-793a-88de-f923ebeb9488.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common navigator appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6dc7372d-26a5-1d93-4a85-394246130cb2.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled navigator appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3b4ada74-6a5e-ce55-8560-37f0555ba32b.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal navigator appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fa597cd8-fc97-bb98-0bcd-c4ac879e7d40.md">StatePressed</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the pressed navigator appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="484d9ccb-e5f2-fc53-6528-5fc0940d7f07.md">StateSelected</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the selected navigator appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7b9e0647-357a-ea29-cedc-fa14dfef6383.md">StateTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the tracking navigator appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can give the focus to this control using the TAB key.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Text</td>
<td>Gets or sets the text associated with this control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ce9601a9-5cc4-47c0-049d-0754762d2cb3.md">ToolTipManager</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ToolTipManager used for displaying tool tips.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d8d2940c-0948-2407-ab6f-e4f4240ee3a3.md">ToolTips</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the tooltip specific settings.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7bc15b0f-7b9c-1821-d705-0229ee9c0438.md">ToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the button content.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f51f7937-adcf-25ad-781c-3ae22623fe0d.md">TransparentParent</a></td>
<td>Gets the control reference that is the parent for transparent drawing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e9fb9003-139f-b02c-e028-31df879ec06e.md">UniqueName</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the unique name of the workspace cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cc092b89-3334-29fd-ad15-c9102baffe23.md">UseMnemonic</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether mnemonics select pages and button specs.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell Class</a>  
<a href="0dbf488f-9676-a1e5-a949-1b4bcea03d52.md">Krypton.Workspace Namespace</a>  
