# MapKryptonPageText Class


Specifies the mapping from KryptonPage text property.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Navigator (in Krypton.Navigator.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
[TypeConverterAttribute(typeof(MapKryptonPageTextConverter))]
public sealed class MapKryptonPageText : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
<TypeConverterAttribute(GetType(MapKryptonPageTextConverter))>
Public NotInheritable Class MapKryptonPageText
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  MapKryptonPageText</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="92c251b2-3aad-d4f6-f9bc-d38552a2c589.md">Description</a></td>
<td>Specifies use of the KryptonPage.TextDescription property.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="845c3988-e6cb-9d5a-fdf7-59cffa015d89.md">DescriptionText</a></td>
<td>Specifies using the description property in preference in the text property.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302a83ba-5ee5-28dc-e08b-5e2fd94c4664.md">DescriptionTitle</a></td>
<td>Specifies using the description property in preference in the title property.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="18831cdf-dbb2-9121-dbb8-66a256ab5a03.md">DescriptionTitleText</a></td>
<td>Specifies use of the description/title and text properties in that order of preference.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1119e13f-3009-3cb2-1385-bab5f97caaac.md">None</a></td>
<td>Specifies no mapping take place.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="237d8213-aa3b-fecb-a9b0-0bc970b68d9e.md">Text</a></td>
<td>Specifies use of the KryptonPage.Text property.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9ab88a90-2e3a-2e74-b964-556ab21535ba.md">TextDescription</a></td>
<td>Specifies using the text property in preference in the description property.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="af4dea94-cb6f-958e-24ab-969760f1a8dd.md">TextTitle</a></td>
<td>Specifies using the text property in preference in the title property.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c1fb1a40-b56f-d3d2-6b24-636d4410141e.md">TextTitleDescription</a></td>
<td>Specifies use of the text/title and description properties in that order of preference.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="593f3720-0f00-2c51-7308-8651f8b590d3.md">Title</a></td>
<td>Specifies use of the KryptonPage.TextTitle property.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c47bd448-c616-3f27-af51-15e8190cdfeb.md">TitleDescription</a></td>
<td>Specifies using the title property in preference in the description property.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0a5e72a-ce31-beb7-e793-1c14a2aabab6.md">TitleText</a></td>
<td>Specifies using the title property in preference in the text property.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="650899be-392a-9dde-75ab-82c3564ec9e8.md">ToolTipBody</a></td>
<td>Specifies use of the KryptonPage.ToolTipBody property.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d7b79d7a-7530-1b27-5b01-0a358c49e1de.md">ToolTipTitle</a></td>
<td>Specifies use of the KryptonPage.ToolTipTitle property.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="60b7b21b-8c97-0066-d066-1ce09a515e12.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
