# KryptonTreeView Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can accept data that the user drags onto it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2cda4d09-4b17-316c-00f4-6f86c6c8286b.md">AlwaysActive</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets Determines if the control is always active or only when the mouse is over the control or has focus.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Anchor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the edges of the container to which a control is bound and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1cb9b3f1-d625-1f75-6f48-9cd33918e4c4.md">BackgroundImage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fbcec284-5d61-c094-4119-30a008179f8c.md">BackgroundImageLayout</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image layout.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d8b4b97f-4d18-35e2-bf28-5734c726f70f.md">BackStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the background style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="473ddb32-7fcf-d5d1-5cd8-51235fdba56d.md">BorderStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ed8c20f3-ec5e-f92f-cf48-6c6eec5fa262.md">CheckBoxes</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether check boxes are Displayed next to the tree nodes in the tree view control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="26e89062-8e20-85e3-ae2e-9417ccc18fd6.md">CheckBoxImages</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the check box image value overrides.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8b5a8c4c-db41-d560-b801-3869b0a6680e.md">ContainedControl</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the contained input control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="762a4528-1f36-43c6-29a3-95a52c85f1e8.md">ContextMenuStrip</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the ContextMenuStrip associated with this control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Controls</td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e126b549-f598-cd0e-7e25-68756624ba98.md">CornerRoundingRadius</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the corner rounding radius.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateParams</td>
<td>Gets the required creation parameters when the control handle is created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2555b49d-b121-f646-1866-a8ff61f54dcd.md">DefaultSize</a></td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Overrides Control.DefaultSize)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the display area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dock</td>
<td>Gets or sets which control borders are docked to its parent control and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f77f144-461b-e0c7-d404-e98cb632abe2.md">EvalInvokePaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to use Invoke to force a repaint.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focused</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a7d967e7-3d86-05c0-4816-d984ac929f7c.md">FullRowSelect</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the selection highlight spans the width of the tree view control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d420d510-02c9-b596-aad0-cabfdb843aed.md">HideSelection</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the selected tree node remains highlighted even when the tree view has lost the focus.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ea745fe7-a874-8a48-d251-8fbba8001bac.md">HotTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether a tree node label takes on the appearance of a hyperlink as the mouse pointer passes over it.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d614786c-b6a8-0d01-701b-ef06d6e40a3b.md">ImageIndex</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the image-list index value of the default image that is Displayed by the tree nodes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3e678f4b-596a-19c5-5965-f39de9f0d459.md">ImageKey</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the key of the default image for each node in the TreeView control when it is in an unselected state.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ce3f814d-1ea3-a8f5-81a7-c5404f7468dd.md">ImageList</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the ImageList that contains the Image objects that are used by the tree nodes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0317c72a-0e6d-fda9-66e6-4b6f94d817f6.md">ItemHeight</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of each tree node in the tree view control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="39b4adf2-5304-957b-4705-b992535fb8d7.md">ItemStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the item style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19e559e5-49d6-6837-1d3e-bd30310c9e4b.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the KryptonContextMenu to show when right clicked.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="662dd17d-a501-ecff-be12-6b0f8b2324d8.md">LabelEdit</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the label text of the tree nodes can be edited.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the upper limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the lower limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e8e19cb-0b87-5a93-8dae-ba685ab768d3.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd0acfd2-24e3-79cc-4d0e-393dc3db77cf.md">NeedPaintPaletteDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint palette delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76de231e-1e7e-f794-8483-ddea441042ee.md">NeedTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if transparent paint is needed<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="615bb0ff-3ac9-33f4-9937-3cc07d8b10b3.md">NodeCornerRoundingRadius</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the node corner rounding radius.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c61d1acc-a948-0aa9-86c6-13dfd24937a3.md">Nodes</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of tree nodes that are assigned to the tree view control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8b50cb53-c813-763b-dd92-7055cb0b5eae.md">OverrideFocus</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the item appearance when it has focus.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4fbdca52-e7d7-0727-3232-a98d328a8adb.md">Padding</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the internal padding space.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0cd21a8-cecb-c891-532e-34ba62c82f21.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41c3411b-ffb0-095e-47b4-fc6ce7c5db17.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd2704fa-aa29-05e7-f127-40db1376d32e.md">PathSeparator</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the delimiter string that the tree node path uses.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d43c1c5f-4a9e-6c52-9249-c1db78e6ac72.md">PlusMinusImages</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the plus/minus image value overrides.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="177219af-8f43-9c87-623d-ff4ae2155849.md">Redirector</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the palette redirector.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81eeb3c2-d939-1525-0987-b9cd7d94af7d.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="36c1abb5-81a7-ee14-d9f0-f2b08c3b74b1.md">RightToLeftLayout</a></td>
<td>Indicates whether the control layout is right-to-left when the RightToLeft property is True.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="be1b563f-8da2-5818-b66b-42a79198d165.md">Scrollable</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the tree view control displays scroll bars when they are needed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1482d760-1bee-ae7d-87d8-a38893f7bfc8.md">SelectedImageIndex</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the image list index value of the image that is Displayed when a tree node is selected.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="acb9188d-2e22-566f-a76a-5b903b4f8a3d.md">SelectedImageKey</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the key of the default image shown when a TreeNode is in a selected state.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c3aaa05b-3119-cb51-c7b9-e8c854cb16dc.md">SelectedNode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the tree node that is currently selected in the tree view control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e356bc8c-0726-b6cc-2d3d-5a28b3735c98.md">ShowLines</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether lines are drawn between tree nodes in the tree view control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ced93ba1-f992-0ff9-db2c-d7b92bc0da46.md">ShowNodeToolTips</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating ToolTips are shown when the mouse pointer hovers over a TreeNode.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0b0fb8fe-59f2-488c-2ecd-d808715153a3.md">ShowPlusMinus</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether plus-sign (+) and minus-sign (-) buttons are Displayed next to tree nodes that contain child tree nodes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="edc237f8-b255-afc0-e255-851ef22fe064.md">ShowRootLines</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether lines are drawn between the tree nodes that are at the root of the tree view.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="48797cf3-feb0-bdb3-4c66-3c96d8b76379.md">Sorted</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the items in the KryptonTreeView are sorted alphabetically.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7872e56b-06cd-cee7-cfbe-776fd849a0d4.md">StateActive</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the active appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1bcb5dd5-be53-f131-d208-2dce2ebf78cf.md">StateCheckedNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal checked item appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b36b3485-3e80-03b4-6b9d-20a630ec7291.md">StateCheckedPressed</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the pressed checked item appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8183211d-0e06-c801-5492-5fcde0839807.md">StateCheckedTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the hot tracking checked item appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9beba43d-1edc-a389-dbeb-8f15c894ce13.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common appearance entries that other states can override.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e1044997-9f67-374b-68d0-f9b29f09c8f7.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2f12a083-21e9-8d3c-76b7-95ae41230e74.md">StateImageList</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the image list that is used to indicate the state of the TreeView and its nodes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4e4f130d-2570-5cb2-4aed-606251044b31.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="013c01e4-d1bd-0514-6afd-cf2e9c8c8704.md">StatePressed</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the pressed item appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8b2a6c8f-e32a-408f-f307-b995bdfea456.md">StateTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the hot tracking item appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can give the focus to this control using the TAB key.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7bc15b0f-7b9c-1821-d705-0229ee9c0438.md">ToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the button content.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8279750e-73cf-f721-170c-8df8052ffc41.md">TopNode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the first fully-visible tree node in the tree view control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f51f7937-adcf-25ad-781c-3ae22623fe0d.md">TransparentParent</a></td>
<td>Gets the control reference that is the parent for transparent drawing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e3df2044-9bf4-3d84-4eaa-237ba0349c14.md">TreeView</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the contained TreeView instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="438c279d-5788-57e6-ad57-9e4e25bfef0b.md">TreeViewNodeSorter</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the implementation of IComparer to perform a custom sort of the TreeView nodes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="08f68c4c-393e-4138-cbd4-06128ed30d0d.md">VisibleCount</a></td>
<td>Gets the number of tree nodes that can be fully visible in the tree view control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="e9a14ed2-7839-3035-9b1c-14b6698fd2a0.md">KryptonTreeView Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
