# KryptonRibbonGroupContainer Class


Represents the base class for all ribbon group containers.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Ribbon (in Krypton.Ribbon.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public abstract class KryptonRibbonGroupContainer : KryptonRibbonGroupItem, 
	IRibbonGroupContainer
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public MustInherit Class KryptonRibbonGroupContainer
	Inherits KryptonRibbonGroupItem
	Implements IRibbonGroupContainer
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>  →  KryptonRibbonGroupContainer</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Derived</strong></td><td><a href="231586b3-0170-8b8c-f6db-d661236d2a25.md">Krypton.Ribbon.KryptonRibbonGroupCluster</a><br /><a href="f687c768-aa72-8583-c560-27549423dd1e.md">Krypton.Ribbon.KryptonRibbonGroupGallery</a><br /><a href="6994b59a-c2c4-05d8-de57-35da83b5fafd.md">Krypton.Ribbon.KryptonRibbonGroupLines</a><br /><a href="a28dca08-8c02-b07e-b02e-cf448749f76c.md">Krypton.Ribbon.KryptonRibbonGroupSeparator</a><br /><a href="60d0d94b-667a-95aa-d8f7-eae4b37e211b.md">Krypton.Ribbon.KryptonRibbonGroupTriple</a></td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td><a href="351ebf7f-3d21-65b9-93b1-646692bbdeb0.md">IRibbonGroupContainer</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="8044ffe0-5b55-e332-12dc-80b17c224fc1.md">KryptonRibbonGroupContainer</a></td>
<td>Initialise a new instance of the KryptonRibbonGroupContainer class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="c9f41166-b541-4efc-c022-7bf3fad1b338.md">BindingContext</a></td>
<td><br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the component can raise an event.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302e2c6c-a240-ed7c-5bbf-0db525ef4a32.md">ChainVisible</a></td>
<td>Get a value indicating if all parent containers are visible.<br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="27c19a8c-9d52-40d5-9190-6d7fb79ce391.md">DataBindings</a></td>
<td>Retrieves the bindings for this control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ISite of the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8f0958de-84a9-b6c7-700f-32549d83cf88.md">Tag</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets user-defined data associated with the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ab122b1c-b5e5-dfd9-e66a-286ea03ea3cb.md">ToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the Wrapped Controls Tooltips.<br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4c31e104-2033-89a2-6523-f8f6d16791ca.md">ResetToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipValues property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="2b4a688f-28a6-a1ec-8dcf-1006667ef77f.md">_toolTipValues</a></td>
<td><br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon Namespace</a>  
