# DragStartEventCancelArgs Class


Details for an cancellable event that provides a position, offset and control value.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class DragStartEventCancelArgs : PointEventCancelArgs
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class DragStartEventCancelArgs
	Inherits PointEventCancelArgs
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  EventArgs  →  CancelEventArgs  →  <a href="2370d9ea-c3a1-9955-5f08-3af8f25c8827.md">PointEventCancelArgs</a>  →  DragStartEventCancelArgs</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="1d5b895b-3d65-8007-e06f-c35f2a39a64f.md">DragStartEventCancelArgs</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the DragStartEventCancelArgs class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>Cancel</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the event should be canceled.<br />(Inherited from CancelEventArgs)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bbb7cf15-7c86-0598-fe2b-c280d3e2468f.md">Control</a></td>
<td>Gets the control starting the drag.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5ebf838f-3d39-f59c-6ce1-7471c4063258.md">Offset</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the offset.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c31272b3-71f0-81a8-baa6-be175322b52b.md">Point</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the point.<br />(Inherited from <a href="2370d9ea-c3a1-9955-5f08-3af8f25c8827.md">PointEventCancelArgs</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
