# KryptonWebBrowser Class


Provide a WebBrowser control with Krypton styling applied.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonWebBrowser : WebBrowser
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonWebBrowser
	Inherits WebBrowser
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  Control  →  WebBrowserBase  →  WebBrowser  →  KryptonWebBrowser</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="79488e82-cbde-924d-febf-aba3c0bd65ed.md">KryptonWebBrowser</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonWebBrowser class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ActiveXInstance</td>
<td>Gets the underlying ActiveX WebBrowser control.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowserBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowNavigation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can navigate to another page after its initial page has been loaded.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowWebBrowserDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the WebBrowser control navigates to documents that are dropped onto it.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Anchor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the edges of the container to which a control is bound and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanGoBack</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether a previous page in navigation history is available, which allows the GoBack() method to succeed.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanGoForward</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether a subsequent page in navigation history is available, which allows the GoForward() method to succeed.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ea21378a-0e2a-9bf2-3fb6-31fae01e836b.md">ContextMenuStrip</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the ContextMenuStrip associated with this control.<br />(Overrides Control.ContextMenuStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Controls</td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateParams</td>
<td>Gets the required creation parameters when the control handle is created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultSize</td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the display area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dock</td>
<td>Gets or sets which control borders are docked to its parent control and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Document</td>
<td>Gets an HtmlDocument representing the Web page currently displayed in the WebBrowser control.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DocumentStream</td>
<td>Gets or sets a stream containing the contents of the Web page displayed in the WebBrowser control.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DocumentText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the HTML contents of the page displayed in the WebBrowser control.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DocumentTitle</td>
<td>Gets the title of the document currently displayed in the WebBrowser control.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DocumentType</td>
<td>Gets the type of the document currently displayed in the WebBrowser control.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EncryptionLevel</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating the encryption method used by the document currently displayed in the WebBrowser control.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focused</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control or any of its child windows has input focus.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsBusy</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the WebBrowser control is currently loading a new document.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsOffline</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the WebBrowser control is in offline mode.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsWebBrowserContextMenuEnabled</td>
<td>Gets or a sets a value indicating whether the shortcut menu of the WebBrowser control is enabled.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f413cc91-e206-63fa-ac9d-63d5d8ad6b68.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the KryptonContextMenu to show when right clicked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the upper limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the lower limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ObjectForScripting</td>
<td>Gets or sets an object that can be accessed by scripting code that is contained within a Web page displayed in the WebBrowser control.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets padding within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ReadyState</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating the current state of the WebBrowser control.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScriptErrorsSuppressed</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the WebBrowser displays dialog boxes such as script error messages.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScrollBarsEnabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether scroll bars are displayed in the WebBrowser control.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowserBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StatusText</td>
<td>Gets the status text of the WebBrowser control.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can give the focus to this control using the TAB key.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Url</td>
<td>Gets or sets the URL of the current document.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Version</td>
<td>Gets the version of Internet Explorer installed.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>WebBrowserShortcutsEnabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether keyboard shortcuts are enabled within the WebBrowser control.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyClients(AccessibleEvents, Int32)</td>
<td>Notifies the accessibility client applications of the specified AccessibleEvents for the specified child control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyClients(AccessibleEvents, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Notifies the accessibility client applications of the specified AccessibleEvents for the specified child control .<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AttachInterfaces</td>
<td>Called by the control when the underlying ActiveX control is created.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously with the specified arguments, on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BringToFront</td>
<td>Brings the control to the front of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Contains</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating whether the specified control is a child of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateAccessibilityInstance</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateControl</td>
<td>Forces the creation of the visible control, including the creation of the handle and any visible child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateControlsInstance</td>
<td>Creates a new instance of the control collection for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateGraphics</td>
<td>Creates the Graphics for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateHandle</td>
<td>Creates a handle for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateSink</td>
<td>Associates the underlying ActiveX control with a client that can handle control events.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8496e276-dc41-a11b-f1fa-8737c513731d.md">CreateToolStripRenderer</a></td>
<td>Create a tool strip renderer appropriate for the current renderer/palette pair.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateWebBrowserSiteBase</td>
<td>Returns a reference to the unmanaged WebBrowser ActiveX control site, which you can extend to customize the managed WebBrowser control.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefWndProc</td>
<td>Sends the specified message to the default window procedure.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DestroyHandle</td>
<td>Destroys the handle associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DetachInterfaces</td>
<td>Called by the control when the underlying ActiveX control is discarded.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DetachSink</td>
<td>Releases the event-handling client attached in the CreateSink() method from the underlying ActiveX control.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b86f4f64-f8db-63d7-8f53-e2e5470d506f.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Clean up any resources being used.<br />(Overrides WebBrowser.Dispose(Boolean))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects)</td>
<td>Begins a drag-and-drop operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects, Bitmap, Point, Boolean)</td>
<td>Begins a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DrawToBitmap</td>
<td>Supports rendering to the specified bitmap.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EndInvoke</td>
<td>Retrieves the return value of the asynchronous operation represented by the IAsyncResult passed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindForm</td>
<td>Retrieves the form that the control is on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focus</td>
<td>Sets input focus to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetAccessibilityObjectById</td>
<td>Retrieves the specified AccessibleObject.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating how a control will behave when its AutoSize() property is enabled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point, GetChildAtPointSkip)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates, specifying whether to ignore child controls of a certain type.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetContainerControl</td>
<td>Returns the next ContainerControl up the control's chain of parent controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetNextControl</td>
<td>Retrieves the next control forward or back in the tab order of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPreferredSize</td>
<td>Retrieves the size of a rectangular area into which a control can be fitted.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetScaledBounds</td>
<td>Retrieves the bounds within which the control is scaled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStyle</td>
<td>Retrieves the value of the specified control style bit for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTopLevel</td>
<td>Determines if the control is a top-level control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GoBack</td>
<td>Navigates the WebBrowser control to the previous page in the navigation history, if one is available.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GoForward</td>
<td>Navigates the WebBrowser control to the next page in the navigation history, if one is available.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GoHome</td>
<td>Navigates the WebBrowser control to the home page of the current user.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GoSearch</td>
<td>Navigates the WebBrowser control to the default search page of the current user.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Hide</td>
<td>Conceals the control from the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitLayout</td>
<td>Called after the control has been added to another container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate()</td>
<td>Invalidates the entire surface of the control and causes the control to be redrawn.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates a specific region of the control and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate, on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle, with the specified list of arguments.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(T)(Func(T))</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeGotFocus</td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeLostFocus</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeOnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokePaint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokePaintBackground</td>
<td>Raises the PaintBackground event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputChar</td>
<td>Determines if a character is an input character that the control recognizes.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowserBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputKey</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified key is a regular input key or a special key that requires preprocessing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Int32)</td>
<td>Converts a Logical DPI value to its equivalent DeviceUnit DPI value.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Size)</td>
<td>Transforms a size from logical to device units by scaling it for the current DPI and rounding down to the nearest integer value for width and height.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Navigate(String)</td>
<td>Loads the document at the specified Uniform Resource Locator (URL) into the WebBrowser control, replacing the previous document.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Navigate(Uri)</td>
<td>Loads the document at the location indicated by the specified Uri into the WebBrowser control, replacing the previous document.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Navigate(String, Boolean)</td>
<td>Loads the document at the specified Uniform Resource Locator (URL) into a new browser window or into the WebBrowser control.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Navigate(String, String)</td>
<td>Loads the document at the specified Uniform Resource Locator (URL) into the WebBrowser control, replacing the contents of the Web page frame with the specified name.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Navigate(Uri, Boolean)</td>
<td>Loads the document at the location indicated by the specified Uri into a new browser window or into the WebBrowser control.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Navigate(Uri, String)</td>
<td>Loads the document at the location indicated by the specified Uri into the WebBrowser control, replacing the contents of the Web page frame with the specified name.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Navigate(String, String, Byte[], String)</td>
<td>Loads the document at the specified Uniform Resource Locator (URL) into the WebBrowser control, requesting it using the specified HTTP data and replacing the contents of the Web page frame with the specified name.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Navigate(Uri, String, Byte[], String)</td>
<td>Loads the document at the location indicated by the specified Uri into the WebBrowser control, requesting it using the specified HTTP data and replacing the contents of the Web page frame with the specified name.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NotifyInvalidate</td>
<td>Raises the Invalidated event with a specified region of the control to invalidate.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAutoSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AutoSizeChanged() event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowserBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundImageLayoutChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageLayoutChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCanGoBackChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CanGoBackChanged event.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCanGoForwardChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CanGoForwardChanged event.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCausesValidationChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CausesValidationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnChangeUICues</td>
<td>Raises the ChangeUICues event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClientSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ClientSizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ContextMenuStripChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnControlAdded</td>
<td>Raises the ControlAdded event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnControlRemoved</td>
<td>Raises the ControlRemoved event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCreateControl</td>
<td>Raises the CreateControl() method.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCursorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CursorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataContextChanged</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDockChanged</td>
<td>Raises the DockChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDocumentCompleted</td>
<td>Raises the DocumentCompleted event.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDocumentTitleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the DocumentTitleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the DoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChangedAfterParent</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChangedAfterParent event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChangedBeforeParent</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChangedBeforeParent event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragDrop</td>
<td>Raises the DragDrop event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragEnter</td>
<td>Raises the DragEnter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragLeave</td>
<td>Raises the DragLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragOver</td>
<td>Raises the DragOver event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnabledChanged</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEncryptionLevelChanged</td>
<td>Raises the EncryptionLevelChanged event.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnter</td>
<td>Raises the Enter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnFileDownload</td>
<td>Raises the FileDownload event.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowserBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowserBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGiveFeedback</td>
<td>Raises the GiveFeedback event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="de2d93b3-e4bd-77dd-9aef-78597dee2262.md">OnGlobalPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the global palette has been changed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGotFocus</td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowserBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleCreated</td>
<td>Raises the HandleCreated event.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowserBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleDestroyed</td>
<td>Raises the HandleDestroyed event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHelpRequested</td>
<td>Raises the HelpRequested event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnImeModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ImeModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnInvalidated</td>
<td>Raises the Invalidated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnKeyDown</td>
<td>Raises the KeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnKeyPress</td>
<td>Raises the KeyPress event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnKeyUp</td>
<td>Raises the KeyUp event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLayout</td>
<td>Raises the Layout event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLeave</td>
<td>Raises the Leave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLocationChanged</td>
<td>Raises the LocationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLostFocus</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowserBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMarginChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MarginChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseCaptureChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MouseCaptureChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseClick</td>
<td>Raises the MouseClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the MouseDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseDown</td>
<td>Raises the MouseDown event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseEnter</td>
<td>Raises the MouseEnter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseHover</td>
<td>Raises the MouseHover event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseLeave</td>
<td>Raises the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseMove</td>
<td>Raises the MouseMove event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseUp</td>
<td>Raises the MouseUp event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseWheel</td>
<td>Raises the MouseWheel event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMove</td>
<td>Raises the Move event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnNavigated</td>
<td>Raises the Navigated event.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnNavigating</td>
<td>Raises the Navigating event.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnNewWindow</td>
<td>Raises the NewWindow event.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnNotifyMessage</td>
<td>Notifies the control of Windows messages.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaddingChanged</td>
<td>Raises the PaddingChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaintBackground</td>
<td>Paints the background of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event when the BackColor property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event when the BackgroundImage property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event when the BindingContext property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentChanged</td>
<td>This member overrides OnParentChanged(EventArgs).<br />(Inherited from WebBrowserBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentCursorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CursorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentDataContextChanged</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentEnabledChanged</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event when the Enabled property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event when the Font property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event when the ForeColor property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentRightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event when the RightToLeft property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event when the Visible property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPreviewKeyDown</td>
<td>Raises the PreviewKeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPrint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnProgressChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ProgressChanged event.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnQueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Raises the QueryContinueDrag event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRegionChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RegionChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnResize</td>
<td>Raises the Resize event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>This method is not meaningful for this control.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowserBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnStatusTextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the StatusTextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the StyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSystemColorsChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SystemColorsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTabIndexChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TabIndexChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTabStopChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TabStopChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidated</td>
<td>Raises the Validated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidating</td>
<td>Raises the Validating event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnVisibleChanged</td>
<td>This member overrides OnVisibleChanged(EventArgs).<br />(Inherited from WebBrowserBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout()</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout(Control, String)</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToClient</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified screen point into client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified client point into screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessControlMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowserBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Print</td>
<td>Prints the document currently displayed in the WebBrowser control using the current print and page settings.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessCmdKey</td>
<td>Processes a command key.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDialogChar</td>
<td>Processes a dialog character.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDialogKey</td>
<td>Processes a dialog key if the WebBrowser ActiveX control does not process it.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowserBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyEventArgs</td>
<td>Processes a key message and generates the appropriate control events.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyMessage</td>
<td>Processes a keyboard message.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyPreview</td>
<td>Previews a keyboard message.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessMnemonic</td>
<td>Processes a mnemonic character.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowserBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseDragEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate drag event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseKeyEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate key event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseMouseEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate mouse event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaisePaintEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreateHandle</td>
<td>Forces the re-creation of the handle for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToClient</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified screen rectangle in client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified client rectangle in screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Refresh()</td>
<td>Reloads the document currently displayed in the WebBrowser control by checking the server for an updated version.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Refresh(WebBrowserRefreshOption)</td>
<td>Reloads the document currently displayed in the WebBrowser control using the specified refresh options.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RescaleConstantsForDpi</td>
<td>Provides constants for rescaling the control when a DPI change occurs.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResetMouseEventArgs</td>
<td>Resets the control to handle the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResetText</td>
<td>Resets the Text property to its default value (Empty).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout()</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout(Boolean)</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic, optionally forcing an immediate layout of pending layout requests.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(ContentAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified ContentAlignment to the appropriate ContentAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(HorizontalAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified HorizontalAlignment to the appropriate HorizontalAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(LeftRightAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified LeftRightAlignment to the appropriate LeftRightAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateContent</td>
<td>Converts the specified ContentAlignment to the appropriate ContentAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateHorizontal</td>
<td>Converts the specified HorizontalAlignment to the appropriate HorizontalAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateLeftRight</td>
<td>Converts the specified LeftRightAlignment to the appropriate LeftRightAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Scale</td>
<td>Scales the control and all child controls by the specified scaling factor.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleBitmapLogicalToDevice</td>
<td>Scales a logical bitmap value to it's equivalent device unit value when a DPI change occurs.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleControl</td>
<td>Scales a control's location, size, padding and margin.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Select()</td>
<td>Activates the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Select(Boolean, Boolean)</td>
<td>Activates a child control. Optionally specifies the direction in the tab order to select the control from.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectNextControl</td>
<td>Activates the next control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SendToBack</td>
<td>Sends the control to the back of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Sets a value indicating how a control will behave when its AutoSize() property is enabled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Sets the bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, BoundsSpecified)</td>
<td>Sets the specified bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBoundsCore</td>
<td>Performs the work of setting the specified bounds of this control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetClientSizeCore</td>
<td>Sets the size of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetStyle</td>
<td>Sets a specified ControlStyles flag to either true or false.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetTopLevel</td>
<td>Sets the control as the top-level control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetVisibleCore</td>
<td>Sets the control to the specified visible state.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Show</td>
<td>Displays the control to the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowPageSetupDialog</td>
<td>Opens the Internet Explorer Page Setup dialog box.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowPrintDialog</td>
<td>Opens the Internet Explorer Print dialog box without setting header and footer values.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowPrintPreviewDialog</td>
<td>Opens the Internet Explorer Print Preview dialog box.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowPropertiesDialog</td>
<td>Opens the Internet Explorer Properties dialog box for the current document.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowSaveAsDialog</td>
<td>Opens the Internet Explorer Save Web Page dialog box or the Save dialog box of the hosted document if it is not an HTML page.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeFromClientSize</td>
<td>Determines the size of the entire control from the height and width of its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Stop</td>
<td>Cancels any pending navigation and stops any dynamic page elements, such as background sounds and animations.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SuspendLayout</td>
<td>Temporarily suspends the layout logic for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Update</td>
<td>Causes the control to redraw the invalidated regions within its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds()</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the current size and location.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the specified size and location.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the specified size, location, and client size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateStyles</td>
<td>Forces the assigned styles to be reapplied to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateZOrder</td>
<td>Updates the control in its parent's z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2fe6e6d5-0f38-0f0d-9c03-cefa9094b7fa.md">WndProc</a></td>
<td>Process Windows-based messages.<br />(Overrides WebBrowser.WndProc(Message))</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>BackColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackColor property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackgroundImage property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageLayoutChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the BackgroundImageLayout property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BindingContext property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanGoBackChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the CanGoBack property value changes.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanGoForwardChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the CanGoForward property value changes.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidationChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the CausesValidation property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ChangeUICues</td>
<td>Occurs when the focus or keyboard user interface (UI) cues change.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Click</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is clicked.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ClientSize property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ContextMenuStrip property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlAdded</td>
<td>Occurs when a new control is added to the Control.ControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlRemoved</td>
<td>Occurs when a control is removed from the Control.ControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CursorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Cursor property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DataContext property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DockChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Dock property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DocumentCompleted</td>
<td>Occurs when the WebBrowser control finishes loading a document.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DocumentTitleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the DocumentTitle property value changes.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is double-clicked.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DpiChangedAfterParent</td>
<td>Occurs when the DPI setting for a control is changed programmatically after the DPI of its parent control or form has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DpiChangedBeforeParent</td>
<td>Occurs when the DPI setting for a control is changed programmatically before a DPI change event for its parent control or form has occurred.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragDrop</td>
<td>Occurs when a drag-and-drop operation is completed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged into the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged out of the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragOver</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged over the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EnabledChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Enabled property value has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EncryptionLevelChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the WebBrowser control navigates to or away from a Web site that uses encryption.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enter</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is entered.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FileDownload</td>
<td>Occurs when the WebBrowser control downloads a file.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Font property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ForeColor property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GiveFeedback</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GotFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the control receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HandleCreated</td>
<td>Occurs when a handle is created for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HandleDestroyed</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's handle is in the process of being destroyed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HelpRequested</td>
<td>Occurs when the user requests help for a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ImeMode property has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidated</td>
<td>Occurs when a control's display requires redrawing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyDown</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is pressed while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyPress</td>
<td>Occurs when a character. space or backspace key is pressed while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyUp</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is released while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Layout</td>
<td>Occurs when a control should reposition its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Leave</td>
<td>Occurs when the input focus leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LocationChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Location property value has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LostFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the control loses focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MarginChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's margin changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseCaptureChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control loses mouse capture.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is clicked by the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is double clicked by the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDown</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the control and a mouse button is pressed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer enters the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseHover</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer rests on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseMove</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is moved over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseUp</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the control and a mouse button is released.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseWheel</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse wheel moves while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Move</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is moved.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Navigated</td>
<td>Occurs when the WebBrowser control has navigated to a new document and has begun loading it.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Navigating</td>
<td>Occurs before the WebBrowser control navigates to a new document.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NewWindow</td>
<td>Occurs before a new browser window is opened.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PaddingChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's padding changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Paint</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is redrawn.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ParentChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Parent property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreviewKeyDown</td>
<td>Occurs before the KeyDown event when a key is pressed while focus is on this control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProgressChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the WebBrowser control has updated information on the download progress of a document it is navigating to.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryAccessibilityHelp</td>
<td>Occurs when AccessibleObject is providing help to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag-and-drop operation and enables the drag source to determine whether the drag-and-drop operation should be canceled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RegionChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Region property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Resize</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the RightToLeft property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Size property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StatusTextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the StatusText property value changes.<br />(Inherited from WebBrowser)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control style changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SystemColorsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the system colors change.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndexChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the TabIndex property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStopChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the TabStop property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Text property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validated</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is finished validating.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validating</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is validating.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VisibleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Visible property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
