# ViewManager Class


Manages a view presentation for a control display surface.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class ViewManager : GlobalId, 
	IDisposable
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class ViewManager
	Inherits GlobalId
	Implements IDisposable
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  ViewManager</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Derived</strong></td><td><a href="04ad35b6-5d79-48fb-414d-d8681a419645.md">Krypton.Toolkit.ViewContextMenuManager</a></td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td>IDisposable</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="b80a419b-8c61-68d4-46dc-49b1b401196e.md">ViewManager()</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the ViewManager class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="26afcb5c-daa4-5f73-5743-f9e485fd0f24.md">ViewManager(Control, ViewBase)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the ViewManager class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="caa5a9a5-fbea-741d-c234-735084334785.md">ActiveView</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the active view element.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ae3d9e4f-57fe-4db3-0482-efe207c2daa4.md">AlignControl</a></td>
<td>Control used to align view elements.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="efff9075-f99e-5304-1510-8982f363a193.md">Control</a></td>
<td>Control owning the view manager.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="568c6e93-ef9e-c5f2-a120-d752a8983d37.md">DoNotLayoutControls</a></td>
<td>Should child controls be laid out during layout calls.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c9707eb9-a8cd-6df4-c507-d5b9d09b6672.md">LayoutCounter</a></td>
<td>Gets the number of layout cycles performed since last reset.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="51537656-9062-4392-ce25-d6bee9199a47.md">MouseCaptured</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if the mouse is capturing input.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e0ac2572-da8d-cefc-d97f-b9fdd96194da.md">OutputDebug</a></td>
<td>Should debug information be output during layout and paint cycles.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f6afe5cc-b093-ef56-905c-4f1b2005498e.md">PaintCounter</a></td>
<td>Gets the number of paint cycles performed since last reset.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="258291f8-99d8-726b-e0bd-db8d9eddc8c5.md">Root</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the view root.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="ab414098-b7d3-7341-b684-980b7328eedf.md">Attach</a></td>
<td>Attach the view manager to provided control and root element.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c085bbc5-1195-1e2e-5d8f-56ba55695d87.md">ComponentFromPoint</a></td>
<td>Is the provided point associated with a component.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bff6d65e-c245-5b30-0e9a-f7387f6e4f56.md">Dispose</a></td>
<td>Clean up any resources.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="01b558df-a898-adf2-b5c0-8b47fef5e687.md">DoubleClick</a></td>
<td>Perform double click processing.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="70d19686-ba1c-95ea-a043-784e251aded6.md">EvalTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Perform a layout of the view.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="685ea1ed-eeae-d027-6903-30c5de4fa5b6.md">GetPreferredSize</a></td>
<td>Discover the preferred size of the view.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4a686df4-da51-e3aa-70aa-36ae49aae6ee.md">GotFocus</a></td>
<td>Perform got focus handling.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8860de9-f6fe-3e13-db88-b498fd6e0381.md">KeyDown</a></td>
<td>Perform key down handling.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="814e58da-e672-bd9b-4488-e38b759cd323.md">KeyPress</a></td>
<td>Perform key press handling.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="af943cd1-4a56-7bd3-560a-ae064f262e80.md">KeyUp</a></td>
<td>Perform key up handling.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4087b449-85ba-60be-29c6-017f7e32b8f8.md">Layout(IRenderer)</a></td>
<td>Perform a layout of the view.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fdf87a67-5930-ace6-121d-821bfa93643d.md">Layout(ViewLayoutContext)</a></td>
<td>Perform a layout of the view.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5fdd0d08-99b1-edfc-115c-81cb821c1bd5.md">LostFocus</a></td>
<td>Perform lost focus handling.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d2ce89c3-490d-f8ba-3fd7-1bfb65832b18.md">MouseDown</a></td>
<td>Perform mouse down processing.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="140ab031-856c-4660-4ccd-573b0d79e854.md">MouseLeave</a></td>
<td>Perform mouse leave processing.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8fd9c87c-e4fa-e752-560a-e98d625e30e4.md">MouseMove</a></td>
<td>Perform mouse movement handling.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9ee6b98e-a2bd-599f-c780-a22fb24d0ebe.md">MouseUp</a></td>
<td>Perform mouse up processing.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c31a4e89-9c63-bf2b-3798-54ba6639a741.md">Paint(RenderContext)</a></td>
<td>Perform a paint of the view.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a8d9cd02-7493-7855-4f55-e52145ff168b.md">Paint(IRenderer, PaintEventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Perform a paint of the view.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="009d5c5b-9539-2775-2957-ad70966d3f88.md">PerformMouseDownProcessed</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseDownProcessed event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="745edb60-b0da-3d96-116a-6f595ec42fc7.md">PerformMouseUpProcessed</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseUpProcessed event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7ee4242e-ce6c-9b4c-8316-974578a22477.md">ResetCounters</a></td>
<td>Reset the internal counters.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="242906f9-9a65-4d53-a7dc-b6a90018f003.md">UpdateViewFromPoint</a></td>
<td>Update the active view based on the mouse position.</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="cfd92cc9-051c-32f3-f0c0-a8dca28c112e.md">DoubleClickProcessed</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse up event is processed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6c8ef73c-dd17-48db-2411-ae95aa574e5b.md">LayoutAfter</a></td>
<td>Occurs just after the layout cycle.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f24a8a87-c262-5fc0-37c7-b5e3d02276cb.md">LayoutBefore</a></td>
<td>Occurs just before the layout cycle.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2f67e5ab-e623-0115-1f21-3dd3d609436c.md">MouseDownProcessed</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse down event is processed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6c772c72-72d5-bccd-836c-73dad2243c91.md">MouseUpProcessed</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse up event is processed.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
