# PaletteTextHotkeyPrefix Class


Specifies how to show hotkey prefix characters.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public sealed class PaletteTextHotkeyPrefix : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public NotInheritable Class PaletteTextHotkeyPrefix
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  PaletteTextHotkeyPrefix</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="83339522-f91e-9570-59df-bcafde6a1c8d.md">Hide</a></td>
<td>Ignores the ampersand prefix character in text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="24637a75-e769-f338-5f21-a881e41e62ab.md">Inherit</a></td>
<td>Specifies text prefix should be inherited.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2332aa99-c1fc-7621-1661-cc548aa8951c.md">None</a></td>
<td>Turns off processing of prefix characters.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="679ec1ff-6aa7-51e6-ca11-4604b3c44410.md">Show</a></td>
<td>Turns on processing of prefix characters.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a7f1d4e2-0c39-1fda-1247-c48544737afc.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
