# GlobalStrings Class


Expose a global set of strings used within Krypton and that are localizable.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
[TypeConverterAttribute(typeof(ExpandableObjectConverter))]
public class GlobalStrings : GlobalId
```
**VB**
``` VB
<TypeConverterAttribute(GetType(ExpandableObjectConverter))>
Public Class GlobalStrings
	Inherits GlobalId
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  GlobalStrings</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="2a853a27-39b8-49f5-1c87-cce527be0fcb.md">GlobalStrings</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the Clipping class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="dc583c80-79b5-0e55-f8b0-5fd1f19eacfc.md">Abort</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Abort string used in message box buttons.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9f147aa0-ee2a-1c8a-c8b0-c5999fec7788.md">Apply</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Apply string used in property dialogs.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bd57faca-3ad8-b6b4-eec1-dbe23e54b0a5.md">Back</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Back string used in custom situations.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c3c643f3-d6d4-f7a9-199e-002f4cd88ee3.md">Cancel</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Cancel string used in message box buttons.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1d43cecf-de14-a450-56fb-17ec474140b4.md">ClearClipboard</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Clear Clipboard string used in custom situations.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ce24c489-dce0-101c-5084-22ad4c2c003b.md">Close</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Close string used in message box buttons.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fe0d2ece-497b-8275-1a90-e205b84e827e.md">Collapse</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the collapse string used in expandable footers.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9ffb5027-1012-28ed-248f-3b3c6b005373.md">Continue</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Continue string used in message box buttons.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="62c358db-b3ca-d56b-6883-d7b6b851de04.md">Copy</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Copy string used in custom situations.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ab57ef4a-de7e-87e9-3ffa-18f2395f16f5.md">Cut</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Cut string used in custom situations.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3cb8ec17-a7a7-e827-fa4d-254346af997a.md">Exit</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Exit string used in custom situations.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7f934b32-c85e-e370-f632-c567d6513283.md">Expand</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the expand string used in expandable footers.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="38f0f352-334e-6154-d7b0-8875a3778ed2.md">Finish</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Finish string used in custom situations.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aa564741-1100-499b-530e-225d3f886853.md">Help</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Help string used in message box buttons.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0c320f07-4122-c0c5-a16c-6961c35fba4b.md">Ignore</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Ignore string used in message box buttons.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="814fb446-19cd-3f82-f176-34597714d730.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all the strings are default values.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ac70e367-8ee3-c100-2628-39e8a345d673.md">Next</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Next string used in custom situations.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="932b4e6a-353f-5ac0-7f1c-84264aafb809.md">No</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the No string used in message box buttons.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4078e644-8306-4850-4d6f-afd669ef5ef2.md">NoToAll</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the No to All string used in custom situations.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fac4f701-e118-ec2f-2dab-2397acf4cb8f.md">OK</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the OK string used in message box buttons.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="38f4f067-f408-6fae-3e92-3ca5c495a8f1.md">OkToAll</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Ok to All string used in custom situations.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bbbf3ef4-2728-b034-776c-bb18774a3846.md">Paste</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Paste string used in custom situations.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bb46f5a9-b07c-5a7e-3fc0-cc8328d69d7a.md">Previous</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Previous string used in custom situations.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e65699f5-e9ab-126b-53ef-38a62f46b5ed.md">Retry</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Retry string used in message box buttons.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6b7eac48-0d38-7cd7-9573-076c61ecd1d5.md">SelectAll</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Select All string used in custom situations.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="915f8b32-bcf7-c9b6-9b4e-d992a7cf2cee.md">Today</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Close string used in calendars.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ffbea3e7-0f15-823d-71c0-72d095f6f079.md">TryAgain</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Try Again string used in message box buttons.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="399d0267-f4a5-7592-af3b-5b5c55bb304e.md">Yes</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Yes string used in message box buttons.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e71b8e4c-8fd7-3a88-a44e-1095a843836d.md">YesToAll</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Yes to All string used in custom situations.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0ceb42c2-7ab3-2206-d928-35ed6c14a46a.md">Reset</a></td>
<td>Reset all strings to default values.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="616b74e8-2829-2363-9c68-a5abd6aaff89.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Overrides Object.ToString())</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
