# KryptonPaletteRibbon Class


Settings associated with ribbon control.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonPaletteRibbon : Storage
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonPaletteRibbon
	Inherits Storage
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>  →  KryptonPaletteRibbon</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="d191f4a7-e8f2-26c4-83b2-a0aaabe654a7.md">KryptonPaletteRibbon</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonPaletteRibbon class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8591c409-bb75-0813-0310-e087221aab1d.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all values are default.<br />(Overrides <a href="bbc0e831-9474-3bce-65dc-0625d793d8c1.md">Storage.IsDefault</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="097a0f47-e60c-4bf7-802c-8391c6d8feff.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="879ca7f2-32c5-8581-44f2-c7aee6491db2.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="43f7e55d-aa48-3dac-7a74-00238dc62e8a.md">RibbonAppButton</a></td>
<td>Get access to the application button tab settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="411b8aa8-1eaf-e804-87ef-bbcfa0599e2e.md">RibbonAppMenuDocs</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the application button menu recent docs palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ef862bf2-fa2b-21c4-920e-be1fa0ab9637.md">RibbonAppMenuDocsEntry</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the application button menu recent documents entry.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="887e1e2a-8467-04a0-bd46-54d2f8df9a92.md">RibbonAppMenuDocsTitle</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the application button menu recent documents title.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1d4f906a-54ba-ba00-44ce-167682a6c453.md">RibbonAppMenuInner</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the application button menu inner palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="21e36ed9-4db4-f0d6-50cb-e3232a5eb3a6.md">RibbonAppMenuOuter</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the application button menu outer palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fe2c8875-96f4-2257-31c6-4aced8fb366a.md">RibbonGalleryBack</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ribbon gallery background palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4cff0929-543c-b637-7c1f-ef580d9be6b0.md">RibbonGalleryBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ribbon gallery border palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4cc7b7c3-e291-85c0-9d46-d1dfaea40011.md">RibbonGeneral</a></td>
<td>Get access to the general ribbon settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="72232362-8e81-9227-30ee-315367fb6a54.md">RibbonGroupArea</a></td>
<td>Get access to the ribbon group area settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0794c448-77b3-34a6-694d-342b1fa3f58b.md">RibbonGroupButtonText</a></td>
<td>Get access to the ribbon group button text settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ffa8c4ec-7d08-4940-7fa4-751cf11c8088.md">RibbonGroupCheckBoxText</a></td>
<td>Get access to the ribbon group check box text settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81be24ec-fb06-732d-3980-836c430e0a33.md">RibbonGroupCollapsedBack</a></td>
<td>Get access to the ribbon group collapsed background settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3baa6115-158d-c2fe-7a2e-68624ef9e3d9.md">RibbonGroupCollapsedBorder</a></td>
<td>Get access to the ribbon group collapsed border settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5a4b1c2d-9eae-ac1e-a213-c2ac6478267e.md">RibbonGroupCollapsedFrameBack</a></td>
<td>Get access to the ribbon group collapsed frame background settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fce21040-d446-e73e-05a1-c50946c8f827.md">RibbonGroupCollapsedFrameBorder</a></td>
<td>Get access to the ribbon group collapsed frame border settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="026f3f5e-d388-0aa4-598e-212910f8391a.md">RibbonGroupCollapsedText</a></td>
<td>Get access to the ribbon group collapsed text settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9b7e4ba6-75f2-bff5-1970-041bc63b0da9.md">RibbonGroupLabelText</a></td>
<td>Get access to the ribbon group label text settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="60cbd49f-0418-57f4-52e9-9dae03a31403.md">RibbonGroupNormalBorder</a></td>
<td>Get access to the ribbon group normal border settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="91c25c66-dfd6-14c1-b13f-1b21a6287b1d.md">RibbonGroupNormalTitle</a></td>
<td>Get access to the ribbon group normal title settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f7be11c4-916a-ae76-2f2a-e7b8152d9280.md">RibbonGroupRadioButtonText</a></td>
<td>Get access to the ribbon radio button box text settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="38f7c5a6-1c87-b631-a16c-40165b8bc82b.md">RibbonQATFullbar</a></td>
<td>Get access to the quick access toolbar full settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ec2da374-940b-e77f-29a8-50351f9ce830.md">RibbonQATMinibar</a></td>
<td>Get access to the quick access toolbar mini settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3d7420c6-f7a4-7f32-061f-eca1b3c89868.md">RibbonQATOverflow</a></td>
<td>Get access to the quick access toolbar overflow settings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9e57ad71-43b4-fdc6-b6a2-48d3f54e29bc.md">RibbonTab</a></td>
<td>Get access to the ribbon tab settings.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b9ac9e59-7649-4db5-57af-3121da24384d.md">PopulateFromBase</a></td>
<td>Populate values from the base palette.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
