# KryptonInputBoxManager Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="be74436f-0620-fd68-bfc4-51aebc8e392c.md">DisplayKryptonInputBox</a></td>
<td>Displays the krypton input box.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2ad91bda-a122-14bd-65ff-67bd9feb01ed.md">GetOwner</a></td>
<td>Returns the value of the Owner.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b50ab199-55c1-7855-bda5-1edf366a9c83.md">SetOwner</a></td>
<td>Sets the Owner to the value of value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="c68ff0d6-d932-424c-9ea8-9b165f3445d9.md">KryptonInputBoxManager Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
