# PaletteContentInheritRedirect Class


Provide inheritance of palette content properties from source redirector.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class PaletteContentInheritRedirect : PaletteContentInherit
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class PaletteContentInheritRedirect
	Inherits PaletteContentInherit
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="b670fe87-921c-063a-c72b-2402d16c67df.md">PaletteContentInherit</a>  →  PaletteContentInheritRedirect</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="6f8d4de0-3158-b961-23a5-36006cfc0f67.md">PaletteContentInheritRedirect(PaletteContentStyle)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the PaletteContentInheritRedirect class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1b224bb4-535e-00e3-a3ff-f4b290571586.md">PaletteContentInheritRedirect(PaletteRedirect)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the PaletteContentInheritRedirect class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0a43dc69-2bd4-5319-a8ae-6c5102261aa4.md">PaletteContentInheritRedirect(PaletteRedirect, PaletteContentStyle)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the PaletteContentInheritRedirect class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="10eabd4b-eabd-d18b-a7b1-d7997df44ca0.md">Style</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the style to use when inheriting.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="82c8e113-304b-8f67-54cb-7d7626698534.md">GetContentAdjacentGap</a></td>
<td>Gets the padding between adjacent content items.<br />(Overrides <a href="c0c63c3b-80a7-b6ad-6aeb-88bf7b605a33.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentAdjacentGap(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e6351d25-af24-f231-a8b3-720ba3234ffb.md">GetContentDraw</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if content should be drawn.<br />(Overrides <a href="b7121508-f738-a13d-9c18-f97c7e6c8c04.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentDraw(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d89991ce-a157-6072-375b-ef81e673eacc.md">GetContentDrawFocus</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if content should be drawn with focus indication.<br />(Overrides <a href="0d920d8e-f72d-cd23-196d-cf5925669ad8.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentDrawFocus(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="14f49fcb-12bb-10c7-d46e-0a6b7ab1e9f9.md">GetContentImageColorMap</a></td>
<td>Gets the image color to remap into another color.<br />(Overrides <a href="a806b3f8-308d-dee7-aea5-c901dc69e9f8.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentImageColorMap(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3da802be-0f02-97ab-1fa1-aaf105c34a93.md">GetContentImageColorTo</a></td>
<td>Gets the color to use in place of the image map color.<br />(Overrides <a href="6b418601-bc52-73de-c8ae-e94594e00f4a.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentImageColorTo(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8ef17141-971d-8ffd-8175-ea9d540256b2.md">GetContentImageEffect</a></td>
<td>Gets the effect applied to drawing of the image.<br />(Overrides <a href="276ede9f-8b68-cbe8-fc53-5f4c38683b28.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentImageEffect(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="080dd16e-453b-be0e-0923-23f3a4f33b23.md">GetContentImageH</a></td>
<td>Gets the horizontal relative alignment of the image.<br />(Overrides <a href="00b45fd6-8be6-8ed2-00ff-cbaf5dd7f7ff.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentImageH(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c902dc6b-8dde-685f-d4f4-3285f3cf68a6.md">GetContentImageV</a></td>
<td>Gets the vertical relative alignment of the image.<br />(Overrides <a href="9c074f95-8e77-a582-b54d-7241fe657c57.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentImageV(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7d13422a-3151-554e-3346-5afdbb541a29.md">GetContentLongTextColor1</a></td>
<td>Gets the first back color for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="f871c29b-7bda-1ad8-9a5a-e25c6d4b2284.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextColor1(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e29c27f9-1a00-f630-d1ae-615e11472f04.md">GetContentLongTextColor2</a></td>
<td>Gets the second back color for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="1e29978b-06a0-cf88-8bb8-ddba1aed9943.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextColor2(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a7540043-bf33-01ef-ae3c-82fd108edf05.md">GetContentLongTextColorAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the color alignment for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="1113034b-4961-60aa-7e6e-c8e5dfee3d2d.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextColorAlign(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fc1304fe-94d3-a490-f0bb-bacf568b1abd.md">GetContentLongTextColorAngle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color background angle for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="7cca93b1-a3e4-c81d-4808-4eadfe4107a9.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextColorAngle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5289725c-7b95-05a2-0d43-e545c0e23954.md">GetContentLongTextColorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color drawing style for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="2acbabb7-580e-d843-c63d-a288bf15d6c2.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextColorStyle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ea1de106-1764-dff1-3bd4-ded3065c5998.md">GetContentLongTextFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="7f7dc34e-de72-6d13-2861-d4a0abf523a3.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextFont(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bfc87788-3026-a966-0cb4-e5dd4551979a.md">GetContentLongTextH</a></td>
<td>Gets the horizontal relative alignment of the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="2f3d8366-4563-1f0c-aa4e-09614cb71c12.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextH(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3a767df0-6c56-ed3a-ba39-348bb31b1342.md">GetContentLongTextHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the rendering hint for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="383a711e-bf75-e63e-4770-4f6b97f636b3.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextHint(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bd9a9566-0273-de38-98c6-778f6ef9ba5b.md">GetContentLongTextImage</a></td>
<td>Gets a background image for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="41e7e348-4da3-3521-18ee-2f41915871aa.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextImage(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c68823b9-9bbb-9853-a03c-b4817a232fff.md">GetContentLongTextImageAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the image alignment for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="d9ba2a3e-cd06-400d-0907-5b38993698cc.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextImageAlign(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6da71045-7c06-d034-5685-68fa4331801e.md">GetContentLongTextImageStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background image style for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="e8894c9f-b56f-1970-2482-bb3682cc4690.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextImageStyle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aeb62e16-8f13-bed2-04fe-8f7853137dd7.md">GetContentLongTextMultiLine</a></td>
<td>Gets the flag indicating if multiline text is allowed for long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="417b3500-aa16-4240-1988-7975f706bd78.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextMultiLine(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="56bf934f-cfe1-0968-94ca-61f38becbc3b.md">GetContentLongTextMultiLineH</a></td>
<td>Gets the vertical relative alignment of the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="9cc5b633-e215-9a39-397e-6f176a30f4d0.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextMultiLineH(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="53716919-8b85-e8e2-49ef-0511ad37348f.md">GetContentLongTextNewFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the long text by generating a new font instance.<br />(Overrides <a href="2a4459d6-5c2f-dcce-5e27-a4982b1360a2.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextNewFont(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="37e6385a-a523-a0f9-2fe7-9b6623c6dd53.md">GetContentLongTextPrefix</a></td>
<td>Gets the prefix drawing setting for long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="53ea2d91-f453-2470-4d7b-88fd742fc984.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextPrefix(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b30c036f-9dfd-cd6f-742c-33b58dd3adcd.md">GetContentLongTextTrim</a></td>
<td>Gets the text trimming to use for long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="3e13ebff-d358-4853-630c-22884d5cf68a.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextTrim(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d24eb04c-b499-ab53-e615-9f6753a16823.md">GetContentLongTextV</a></td>
<td>Gets the vertical relative alignment of the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="b156ebe4-18ce-02e2-dd5e-b722888068ef.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextV(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3a66ab88-6054-755f-fe2c-b60ee2e7bcf1.md">GetContentPadding</a></td>
<td>Gets the padding between the border and content drawing.<br />(Overrides <a href="a7fc807c-88c6-d66a-16ed-1b2cfe7613da.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentPadding(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="50a973dd-96f4-4a01-a1be-0be7afa6c7d6.md">GetContentShortTextColor1</a></td>
<td>Gets the first back color for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="901d796a-1a17-691a-1156-291c96a0841d.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextColor1(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c6fb933e-505f-d6b6-ac78-1ebfd5e2f95d.md">GetContentShortTextColor2</a></td>
<td>Gets the second back color for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="f7aa66c1-7d8b-49a3-012f-2a47affb62c9.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextColor2(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ddb1fda8-fc70-f43b-147c-0ffc1231d768.md">GetContentShortTextColorAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the color alignment for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="14c1cb36-68d3-6772-a515-b7222d657393.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextColorAlign(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1eb7ae89-323f-b719-351c-2c56b7b02540.md">GetContentShortTextColorAngle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color background angle for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="92fe1e82-d1e4-f0c2-a755-ae974d967ead.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextColorAngle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd31f89d-50fe-fb68-c074-b1e480274997.md">GetContentShortTextColorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color drawing style for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="c989ccf3-318a-a6cd-311b-2fbfe85712c7.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextColorStyle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4333729a-be5d-e32e-6a73-a3258ad09eeb.md">GetContentShortTextFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="6e5f1f15-9421-f6c0-ced7-dcbaded5e9ee.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextFont(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8361b79e-d1a2-afb8-53ef-8f7c54ea704e.md">GetContentShortTextH</a></td>
<td>Gets the horizontal relative alignment of the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="66cb9457-d65d-88a0-e101-2043be33a215.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextH(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="163579a8-9676-8516-eaa5-8d8744bba90f.md">GetContentShortTextHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the rendering hint for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="8328dc1c-b28c-5520-5433-b839ff5da821.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextHint(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5686a6c9-e23c-26b7-6ea9-6fa2281d621c.md">GetContentShortTextImage</a></td>
<td>Gets a background image for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="0a3c04f9-a900-5de9-057a-2ee4f91bc097.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextImage(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dcfd9c78-0dfb-a252-f519-18f7b16ac3bd.md">GetContentShortTextImageAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the image alignment for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="6df2448e-02eb-2ca6-3e81-d6ec74f73afc.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextImageAlign(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d49e1fa1-0ef4-5cf9-6e59-a9e9d51c3902.md">GetContentShortTextImageStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background image style.<br />(Overrides <a href="72146495-4b8b-04ca-c77a-af1780874285.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextImageStyle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="85c085c9-c9ca-f73d-f622-f43c4be7ab71.md">GetContentShortTextMultiLine</a></td>
<td>Gets the flag indicating if multiline text is allowed for short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="d35afc7a-a1cf-5a9d-8b3c-b06dc23e628a.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextMultiLine(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8db83ea0-5328-23b5-0f78-f96740c7c16d.md">GetContentShortTextMultiLineH</a></td>
<td>Gets the vertical relative alignment of the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="23671736-7b5c-b4b5-619f-e8588c33468b.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextMultiLineH(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd11ed9f-0d97-f33c-a0de-9fc3dd7624b3.md">GetContentShortTextNewFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the short text by generating a new font instance.<br />(Overrides <a href="d7584de0-ed60-2c38-972d-21a8ab23392a.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextNewFont(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0bfdf0f0-e128-1a71-9585-68656fb40d68.md">GetContentShortTextPrefix</a></td>
<td>Gets the prefix drawing setting for short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="83e58944-3cc6-93c4-71e0-6558a87251d6.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextPrefix(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="03fbbcdb-68da-fc69-0157-65dc56120f88.md">GetContentShortTextTrim</a></td>
<td>Gets the text trimming to use for short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="49f5c2b8-0fd9-fbaf-92e0-b2cea5ff93d3.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextTrim(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1775c35f-6d06-957d-b4ef-c4096c84114d.md">GetContentShortTextV</a></td>
<td>Gets the vertical relative alignment of the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="30626de3-abba-4879-e2fd-69d459392e67.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextV(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a0084b44-c0f1-8180-91ad-ab0bcab8b565.md">GetContentStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the style appropriate for this content.<br />(Overrides <a href="431355a2-f0c2-c65c-3cbc-4cfdbc9baac2.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentStyle()</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3607379d-405a-47e8-966a-2e20352c014e.md">GetRedirector</a></td>
<td>Gets the redirector instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="122d842b-04c8-d83c-915a-b620266fd893.md">SetRedirector</a></td>
<td>Update the redirector with new reference.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
