# KryptonDataGridViewComboBoxCell Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the DataGridViewCell.DataGridViewCellAccessibleObject assigned to the DataGridViewCell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ebdd0234-402f-d8fa-2e7f-45f3d01a7e36.md">AutoCompleteMode</a></td>
<td>The AutoCompleteMode property replicates the one from the KryptonComboBox control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1cc17bcb-c58b-9831-f043-0fccb6a8b1ae.md">AutoCompleteSource</a></td>
<td>The AutoCompleteSource property replicates the one from the KryptonComboBox control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnIndex</td>
<td>Gets the column index for this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContentBounds</td>
<td>Gets the bounding rectangle that encloses the cell's content area.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStrip</td>
<td>Gets or sets the shortcut menu associated with the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataGridView</td>
<td>Gets the DataGridView control associated with this element.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c6976e69-8fb2-4d83-2306-c35a80a32ae3.md">DataSource</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the list that this control will use to gets its items.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultNewRowValue</td>
<td>Gets the default value for a cell in the row for new records.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Displayed</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the cell is currently displayed on-screen.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="298d6dd2-d6ae-e61e-ee60-89011da5804b.md">DisplayMember</a></td>
<td>The DisplayMember property replicates the one from the KryptonComboBox control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="60fdd485-0087-6377-abcb-1b0e746acb0d.md">DropDownHeight</a></td>
<td>The DropDownHeight property replicates the one from the KryptonComboBox control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="04ac1588-a53f-9880-6c94-9533f868199b.md">DropDownStyle</a></td>
<td>The DropDownStyle property replicates the one from the KryptonComboBox control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1b60bf00-93cf-f20c-0a00-5f80d83c43cf.md">DropDownWidth</a></td>
<td>The DropDownWidth property replicates the one from the KryptonComboBox control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EditedFormattedValue</td>
<td>Gets the current, formatted value of the cell, regardless of whether the cell is in edit mode and the value has not been committed.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c67bcf85-3c92-40bd-bbc8-8815979fda8d.md">EditType</a></td>
<td>Define the type of the cell's editing control<br />(Overrides DataGridViewCell.EditType)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ErrorIconBounds</td>
<td>Gets the bounds of the error icon for the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ErrorText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the text describing an error condition associated with the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FormattedValue</td>
<td>Gets the value of the cell as formatted for display.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FormattedValueType</td>
<td>Gets the type of the formatted value associated with the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewTextBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Frozen</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the cell is frozen.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasStyle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the Style property has been set.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InheritedState</td>
<td>Gets the current state of the cell as inherited from the state of its row and column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InheritedStyle</td>
<td>Gets the style currently applied to the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInEditMode</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this cell is currently being edited.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="208ef42b-a21a-085f-bc18-71809e1bfe9a.md">Items</a></td>
<td>Gets the items in the combobox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b59e72a5-f32e-2eb4-783c-e3ba7a162219.md">MaxDropDownItems</a></td>
<td>The MaxDropDownItems property replicates the one from the KryptonComboBox control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaxInputLength</td>
<td>Gets or sets the maximum number of characters that can be entered into the text box.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewTextBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OwningColumn</td>
<td>Gets the column that contains this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OwningRow</td>
<td>Gets the row that contains this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size, in pixels, of a rectangular area into which the cell can fit.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ReadOnly</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the cell's data can be edited.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Resizable</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the cell can be resized.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowIndex</td>
<td>Gets the index of the cell's parent row.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Selected</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the cell has been selected.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets the size of the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>State</td>
<td>Gets the user interface (UI) state of the element.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Style</td>
<td>Gets or sets the style for the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains supplemental data about the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolTipText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ToolTip text associated with this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Value</td>
<td>Gets or sets the value associated with this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="66cd434c-ac04-0484-096b-de675bbc3251.md">ValueMember</a></td>
<td>The ValueMember property replicates the one from the KryptonComboBox control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0a79abea-4f7b-a369-e7a8-4b6dd7f4aa8c.md">ValueType</a></td>
<td>Returns the type of the cell's Value property<br />(Overrides DataGridViewTextBoxCell.ValueType)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the cell is in a row or column that has been hidden.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="cd3ff85d-ab33-0d06-1173-b122b0650460.md">KryptonDataGridViewComboBoxCell Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
