# KryptonDataGridView Events




## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>AllowUserToAddRowsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the AllowUserToAddRows property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowUserToDeleteRowsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the AllowUserToDeleteRowsChanged property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowUserToOrderColumnsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the AllowUserToOrderColumns property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowUserToResizeColumnsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the AllowUserToResizeColumns property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowUserToResizeRowsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the AllowUserToResizeRows property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AlternatingRowsDefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the AlternatingRowsDefaultCellStyle property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoGenerateColumnsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the AutoGenerateColumnsChanged property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoSizeColumnModeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the AutoSizeMode property of a column changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoSizeColumnsModeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the AutoSizeColumnsMode property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoSizeRowsModeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DataGridViewAutoSizeRowsMode property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackColor property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackgroundColor property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackgroundImage property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageLayoutChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the BackgroundImageLayout property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BindingContext property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BorderStyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BorderStyle property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CancelRowEdit</td>
<td>Occurs when the VirtualMode property of a DataGridView control is true and the cancels edits in a row.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidationChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the CausesValidation property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellBeginEdit</td>
<td>Occurs when edit mode starts for the selected cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellBorderStyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the border style of a cell changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellClick</td>
<td>Occurs when any part of a cell is clicked.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellContentClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the content within a cell is clicked.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellContentDoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the user double-clicks a cell's contents.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ContextMenuStrip property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellContextMenuStripNeeded</td>
<td>Occurs when a cell's shortcut menu is needed.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellDoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the user double-clicks anywhere in a cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellEndEdit</td>
<td>Occurs when edit mode stops for the currently selected cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when the current cell changes in the DataGridView control or when the control receives input focus.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellErrorTextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ErrorText property of a cell changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellErrorTextNeeded</td>
<td>Occurs when a cell's error text is needed.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellFormatting</td>
<td>Occurs when the contents of a cell need to be formatted for display.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when a cell loses input focus and is no longer the current cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellMouseClick</td>
<td>Occurs whenever the user clicks anywhere on a cell with the mouse.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellMouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when a cell within the DataGridView is double-clicked.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellMouseDown</td>
<td>Occurs when the user presses a mouse button while the mouse pointer is within the boundaries of a cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellMouseEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer enters a cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellMouseLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer leaves a cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellMouseMove</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer moves over the DataGridView control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellMouseUp</td>
<td>Occurs when the user releases a mouse button while over a cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellPainting</td>
<td>Occurs when a cell needs to be drawn.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellParsing</td>
<td>Occurs when a cell leaves edit mode if the cell value has been modified.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellStateChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when a cell state changes, such as when the cell loses or gains focus.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Style property of a DataGridViewCell changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellStyleContentChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when one of the values of a cell style changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellToolTipTextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ToolTipText property value changes for a cell in the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellToolTipTextNeeded</td>
<td>Occurs when a cell's ToolTip text is needed.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellValidated</td>
<td>Occurs after the cell has finished validating.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellValidating</td>
<td>Occurs when a cell loses input focus, enabling content validation.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellValueChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of a cell changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellValueNeeded</td>
<td>Occurs when the VirtualMode property of the DataGridView control is true and the DataGridView requires a value for a cell in order to format and display the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellValuePushed</td>
<td>Occurs when the VirtualMode property of the DataGridView control is true and a cell value has changed and requires storage in the underlying data source.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ChangeUICues</td>
<td>Occurs when the focus or keyboard user interface (UI) cues change.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Click</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is clicked.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ClientSize property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnAdded</td>
<td>Occurs when a column is added to the control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ContextMenuStrip property of a column changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnDataPropertyNameChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DataPropertyName property for a column changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnDefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DefaultCellStyle property for a column changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnDisplayIndexChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value the DisplayIndex property for a column changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnDividerDoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the user double-clicks a divider between two columns.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnDividerWidthChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the DividerWidth property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnHeaderCellChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the contents of a column header cell change.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnHeaderMouseClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the user clicks a column header.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnHeaderMouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when a column header is double-clicked.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnHeadersBorderStyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ColumnHeadersBorderStyle property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnHeadersDefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ColumnHeadersDefaultCellStyle property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnHeadersHeightChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ColumnHeadersHeight property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnHeadersHeightSizeModeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ColumnHeadersHeightSizeMode property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnMinimumWidthChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the MinimumWidth property for a column changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnNameChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Name property for a column changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnRemoved</td>
<td>Occurs when a column is removed from the control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnSortModeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the SortMode property for a column changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnStateChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when a column changes state, such as gaining or losing focus.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnToolTipTextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ToolTipText property value changes for a column in the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnWidthChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Width property for a column changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ContextMenuStrip property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlAdded</td>
<td>Occurs when a new control is added to the Control.ControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlRemoved</td>
<td>Occurs when a control is removed from the Control.ControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CurrentCellChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the CurrentCell property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CurrentCellDirtyStateChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the state of a cell changes in relation to a change in its contents.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CursorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Cursor property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindingComplete</td>
<td>Occurs after a data-binding operation has finished.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DataContext property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataError</td>
<td>Occurs when an external data-parsing or validation operation throws an exception, or when an attempt to commit data to a data source fails.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataMemberChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when value of the DataMember property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataSourceChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DataSource property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DefaultCellStyle property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultValuesNeeded</td>
<td>Occurs when the user enters the row for new records so that it can be populated with default values.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DockChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Dock property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is double-clicked.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DpiChangedAfterParent</td>
<td>Occurs when the DPI setting for a control is changed programmatically after the DPI of its parent control or form has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DpiChangedBeforeParent</td>
<td>Occurs when the DPI setting for a control is changed programmatically before a DPI change event for its parent control or form has occurred.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragDrop</td>
<td>Occurs when a drag-and-drop operation is completed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged into the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged out of the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragOver</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged over the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EditingControlShowing</td>
<td>Occurs when a control for editing a cell is showing.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EditModeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the EditMode property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EnabledChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Enabled property value has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enter</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is entered.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Font property value changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ForeColor property value changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GiveFeedback</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GotFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the control receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GridColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the GridColor property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HandleCreated</td>
<td>Occurs when a handle is created for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HandleDestroyed</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's handle is in the process of being destroyed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HelpRequested</td>
<td>Occurs when the user requests help for a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ImeMode property has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidated</td>
<td>Occurs when a control's display requires redrawing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyDown</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is pressed while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyPress</td>
<td>Occurs when a character. space or backspace key is pressed while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyUp</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is released while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Layout</td>
<td>Occurs when a control should reposition its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Leave</td>
<td>Occurs when the input focus leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LocationChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Location property value has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LostFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the control loses focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MarginChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's margin changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseCaptureChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control loses mouse capture.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is clicked by the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is double clicked by the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDown</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the control and a mouse button is pressed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer enters the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseHover</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer rests on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseMove</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is moved over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseUp</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the control and a mouse button is released.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseWheel</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse wheel moves while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Move</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is moved.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MultiSelectChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the MultiSelect property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NewRowNeeded</td>
<td>Occurs when the VirtualMode property of the DataGridView is true and the user navigates to the new row at the bottom of the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PaddingChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's padding changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Paint</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is redrawn.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="95425fe0-c521-c1b3-a85f-2a6c881a905a.md">PaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the palette changes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ParentChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Parent property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreviewKeyDown</td>
<td>Occurs before the KeyDown event when a key is pressed while focus is on this control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryAccessibilityHelp</td>
<td>Occurs when AccessibleObject is providing help to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag-and-drop operation and enables the drag source to determine whether the drag-and-drop operation should be canceled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ReadOnlyChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ReadOnly property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RegionChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Region property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Resize</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the RightToLeft property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ContextMenuStrip property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowContextMenuStripNeeded</td>
<td>Occurs when a row's shortcut menu is needed.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowDefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DefaultCellStyle property for a row changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowDirtyStateNeeded</td>
<td>Occurs when the VirtualMode property of the DataGridView control is true and the DataGridView needs to determine whether the current row has uncommitted changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowDividerDoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the user double-clicks the divider between two rows.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowDividerHeightChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the DividerHeight property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when a row receives input focus but before it becomes the current row.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowErrorTextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ErrorText property of a row changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowErrorTextNeeded</td>
<td>Occurs when a row's error text is needed.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeaderCellChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the user changes the contents of a row header cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeaderMouseClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the user clicks within the boundaries of a row header.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeaderMouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when a row header is double-clicked.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeadersBorderStyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the RowHeadersBorderStyle property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeadersDefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the RowHeadersDefaultCellStyle property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeadersWidthChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when value of the RowHeadersWidth property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeadersWidthSizeModeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the RowHeadersWidthSizeMode property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeightChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Height property for a row changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeightInfoNeeded</td>
<td>Occurs when information about row height is requested.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeightInfoPushed</td>
<td>Occurs when the user changes the height of a row.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when a row loses input focus and is no longer the current row.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowMinimumHeightChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the MinimumHeight property for a row changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowPostPaint</td>
<td>Occurs after a DataGridViewRow is painted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowPrePaint</td>
<td>Occurs before a DataGridViewRow is painted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowsAdded</td>
<td>Occurs after a new row is added to the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowsDefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the RowsDefaultCellStyle property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowsRemoved</td>
<td>Occurs when a row or rows are deleted from the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowStateChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when a row changes state, such as losing or gaining input focus.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowUnshared</td>
<td>Occurs when a row's state changes from shared to unshared.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowValidated</td>
<td>Occurs after a row has finished validating.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowValidating</td>
<td>Occurs when a row is validating.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Scroll</td>
<td>Occurs when the user scrolls through the control contents.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectionChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the current selection changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Size property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortCompare</td>
<td>Occurs when the DataGridView compares two cell values to perform a sort operation.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Sorted</td>
<td>Occurs when the DataGridView control completes a sorting operation.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control style changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SystemColorsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the system colors change.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndexChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the TabIndex property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStopChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the TabStop property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Text property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UserAddedRow</td>
<td>Occurs when the user has finished adding a row to the DataGridView control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UserDeletedRow</td>
<td>Occurs when the user has finished deleting a row from the DataGridView control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UserDeletingRow</td>
<td>Occurs when the user deletes a row from the DataGridView control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validated</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is finished validating.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validating</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is validating.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VisibleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Visible property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="b763ad9e-a40e-a9d4-85a7-f45569078e74.md">KryptonDataGridView Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
