# KryptonColorTable Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>ButtonCheckedGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used when the button is checked.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonCheckedGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used when the button is checked.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonCheckedGradientMiddle</td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used when the button is checked.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonCheckedHighlight</td>
<td>Gets the solid color used when the button is checked.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonCheckedHighlightBorder</td>
<td>Gets the border color to use with ButtonCheckedHighlight.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonPressedBorder</td>
<td>Gets the border color to use with the ButtonPressedGradientBegin, ButtonPressedGradientMiddle, and ButtonPressedGradientEnd colors.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonPressedGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used when the button is pressed.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonPressedGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used when the button is pressed.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonPressedGradientMiddle</td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used when the button is pressed.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonPressedHighlight</td>
<td>Gets the solid color used when the button is pressed.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonPressedHighlightBorder</td>
<td>Gets the border color to use with ButtonPressedHighlight.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonSelectedBorder</td>
<td>Gets the border color to use with the ButtonSelectedGradientBegin, ButtonSelectedGradientMiddle, and ButtonSelectedGradientEnd colors.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonSelectedGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used when the button is selected.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonSelectedGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used when the button is selected.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonSelectedGradientMiddle</td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used when the button is selected.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonSelectedHighlight</td>
<td>Gets the solid color used when the button is selected.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonSelectedHighlightBorder</td>
<td>Gets the border color to use with ButtonSelectedHighlight.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CheckBackground</td>
<td>Gets the solid color to use when the button is checked and gradients are being used.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CheckPressedBackground</td>
<td>Gets the solid color to use when the button is checked and selected and gradients are being used.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CheckSelectedBackground</td>
<td>Gets the solid color to use when the button is checked and selected and gradients are being used.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GripDark</td>
<td>Gets the color to use for shadow effects on the grip (move handle).<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GripLight</td>
<td>Gets the color to use for highlight effects on the grip (move handle).<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageMarginGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageMarginGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageMarginGradientMiddle</td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageMarginRevealedGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu when an item is revealed.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageMarginRevealedGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu when an item is revealed.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageMarginRevealedGradientMiddle</td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu when an item is revealed.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MenuBorder</td>
<td>Gets the color that is the border color to use on a MenuStrip.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MenuItemBorder</td>
<td>Gets the border color to use with a ToolStripMenuItem.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MenuItemPressedGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MenuItemPressedGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MenuItemPressedGradientMiddle</td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MenuItemSelected</td>
<td>Gets the solid color to use when a ToolStripMenuItem other than the top-level ToolStripMenuItem is selected.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MenuItemSelectedGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used when the ToolStripMenuItem is selected.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MenuItemSelectedGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used when the ToolStripMenuItem is selected.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bf5ef5b1-9be2-555a-03e6-f3a4f8cbfdcc.md">MenuItemText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the menu items.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b6ef872c-406f-7471-482e-2ec54dce7743.md">MenuStripFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font used on the menu strip.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MenuStripGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the MenuStrip.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MenuStripGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the MenuStrip.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a1a476de-b35c-977c-1f23-fef0e03abc48.md">MenuStripText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the menu strip.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OverflowButtonGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OverflowButtonGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OverflowButtonGradientMiddle</td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5402a30e-107d-4479-d1f2-397262be6b24.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets the associated palette instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaftingContainerGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripContainer.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaftingContainerGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripContainer.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SeparatorDark</td>
<td>Gets the color to use to for shadow effects on the ToolStripSeparator.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SeparatorLight</td>
<td>Gets the color to use to for highlight effects on the ToolStripSeparator.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StatusStripBorder</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9ebed260-f09c-e4cb-fe1f-c316142558e7.md">StatusStripFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font used on the status strip.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StatusStripGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used on the StatusStrip.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StatusStripGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used on the StatusStrip.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="01632758-e1ce-3543-6a11-29f340b923e5.md">StatusStripText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the status strip.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolStripBorder</td>
<td>Gets the border color to use on the bottom edge of the ToolStrip.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolStripContentPanelGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripContentPanel.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolStripContentPanelGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripContentPanel.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolStripDropDownBackground</td>
<td>Gets the solid background color of the ToolStripDropDown.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f4298298-46cc-e27b-a4cb-8add7f253083.md">ToolStripFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font used on the tool strip.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolStripGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolStripGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolStripGradientMiddle</td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolStripPanelGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripPanel.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolStripPanelGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripPanel.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="79d91581-1635-df06-699e-90c821c48509.md">ToolStripText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the tool strip.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="16893f9b-41f9-0398-61d5-ab2e1a31331c.md">UseRoundedEdges</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if rounded egdes are required.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseSystemColors</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use SystemColors rather than colors that match the current visual style.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="dea02866-c4bb-a4a9-94c0-3c39ed614761.md">KryptonColorTable Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
