# KryptonColorDialog Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="80ddb89f-aa6f-e49b-f1ed-d54eedc2e3aa.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Overrides Component.Dispose(Boolean))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a74c4d13-4949-3502-16a6-18c6d55ec347.md">HookProc</a></td>
<td>Defines the common dialog box hook procedure that is overridden to add specific functionality to a common dialog box.<br />(Overrides CommonDialog.HookProc(IntPtr, Int32, IntPtr, IntPtr))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHelpRequest</td>
<td>Raises the HelpRequest event.<br />(Inherited from CommonDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OwnerWndProc</td>
<td>Defines the owner window procedure that is overridden to add specific functionality to a common dialog box.<br />(Inherited from CommonDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Reset</td>
<td>Resets all options to their default values, the last selected color to black, and the custom colors to their default values.<br />(Inherited from ColorDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RunDialog</td>
<td>When overridden in a derived class, specifies a common dialog box.<br />(Inherited from ColorDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowDialog()</td>
<td>Runs a common dialog box with a default owner.<br />(Inherited from CommonDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowDialog(IWin32Window)</td>
<td>Runs a common dialog box with the specified owner.<br />(Inherited from CommonDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the ColorDialog.<br />(Inherited from ColorDialog)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="025d0869-0e11-b50f-4d31-ff00f1f51905.md">KryptonColorDialog Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
