# PaletteContentInheritForced Class


Allow the content values to be forced to fixed values.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class PaletteContentInheritForced : PaletteContentInherit
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class PaletteContentInheritForced
	Inherits PaletteContentInherit
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="b670fe87-921c-063a-c72b-2402d16c67df.md">PaletteContentInherit</a>  →  PaletteContentInheritForced</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="aa8101f7-3422-c820-a989-f6705d72095f.md">PaletteContentInheritForced</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the PaletteContentInheritForced class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="3096d7c6-2b30-058e-fa69-b757de8376fc.md">ForceShortTextHCenter</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the short text is centered horizontally.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="afbf8a4a-baa3-a7f0-3075-8c115ca53301.md">GetContentAdjacentGap</a></td>
<td>Gets the padding between adjacent content items.<br />(Overrides <a href="c0c63c3b-80a7-b6ad-6aeb-88bf7b605a33.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentAdjacentGap(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ca802518-3613-6de3-fd9b-2926b2f95629.md">GetContentDraw</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if content should be drawn.<br />(Overrides <a href="b7121508-f738-a13d-9c18-f97c7e6c8c04.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentDraw(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="850c7941-8d67-99ab-1631-b042a570a9ed.md">GetContentDrawFocus</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if content should be drawn with focus indication.<br />(Overrides <a href="0d920d8e-f72d-cd23-196d-cf5925669ad8.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentDrawFocus(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1c743ef6-b15f-4a1e-3426-ec8c51eeb89c.md">GetContentImageColorMap</a></td>
<td>Gets the image color to remap into another color.<br />(Overrides <a href="a806b3f8-308d-dee7-aea5-c901dc69e9f8.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentImageColorMap(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="631c1659-19b6-f8c1-148c-fd9887a81ac1.md">GetContentImageColorTo</a></td>
<td>Gets the color to use in place of the image map color.<br />(Overrides <a href="6b418601-bc52-73de-c8ae-e94594e00f4a.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentImageColorTo(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c7e3d0fb-60c4-1632-aa8f-fa8db500da2f.md">GetContentImageEffect</a></td>
<td>Gets the effect applied to drawing of the image.<br />(Overrides <a href="276ede9f-8b68-cbe8-fc53-5f4c38683b28.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentImageEffect(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="36d1b1f2-67a7-a607-dcca-1d7d9ebd3eda.md">GetContentImageH</a></td>
<td>Gets the horizontal relative alignment of the image.<br />(Overrides <a href="00b45fd6-8be6-8ed2-00ff-cbaf5dd7f7ff.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentImageH(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0012189b-db5b-5508-ac6a-1339e57f1bbb.md">GetContentImageV</a></td>
<td>Gets the vertical relative alignment of the image.<br />(Overrides <a href="9c074f95-8e77-a582-b54d-7241fe657c57.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentImageV(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c9b84069-b249-0d7c-02f2-109706a16663.md">GetContentLongTextColor1</a></td>
<td>Gets the first back color for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="f871c29b-7bda-1ad8-9a5a-e25c6d4b2284.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextColor1(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="17598abd-c9e5-2e54-051f-e73bc4fe6d9b.md">GetContentLongTextColor2</a></td>
<td>Gets the second back color for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="1e29978b-06a0-cf88-8bb8-ddba1aed9943.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextColor2(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ac54ebcb-16df-7912-8fac-0160245e166c.md">GetContentLongTextColorAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the color alignment for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="1113034b-4961-60aa-7e6e-c8e5dfee3d2d.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextColorAlign(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="00dcda79-8257-e18f-be68-fdc9a82005ea.md">GetContentLongTextColorAngle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color background angle for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="7cca93b1-a3e4-c81d-4808-4eadfe4107a9.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextColorAngle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0781ad18-10c9-b85d-b62f-1b1672181dc1.md">GetContentLongTextColorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color drawing style for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="2acbabb7-580e-d843-c63d-a288bf15d6c2.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextColorStyle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a29cf218-0bef-c8ac-c6dc-36d48039bd0c.md">GetContentLongTextFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="7f7dc34e-de72-6d13-2861-d4a0abf523a3.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextFont(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="52c2be68-0ce5-89e8-9915-63ba306db00d.md">GetContentLongTextH</a></td>
<td>Gets the horizontal relative alignment of the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="2f3d8366-4563-1f0c-aa4e-09614cb71c12.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextH(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="deee328b-7af4-16f5-6485-a09871371056.md">GetContentLongTextHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the rendering hint for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="383a711e-bf75-e63e-4770-4f6b97f636b3.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextHint(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="205108f7-6a48-c3e1-138e-6998815865a5.md">GetContentLongTextImage</a></td>
<td>Gets a background image for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="41e7e348-4da3-3521-18ee-2f41915871aa.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextImage(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="82bae4ad-2773-9087-f3b2-7c49cd6094ba.md">GetContentLongTextImageAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the image alignment for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="d9ba2a3e-cd06-400d-0907-5b38993698cc.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextImageAlign(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8a01ab80-7fbc-b325-8e66-38b6e2fa5105.md">GetContentLongTextImageStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background image style for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="e8894c9f-b56f-1970-2482-bb3682cc4690.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextImageStyle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="481268dd-2a3e-d682-0575-3446315bf5dc.md">GetContentLongTextMultiLine</a></td>
<td>Gets the flag indicating if multiline text is allowed for long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="417b3500-aa16-4240-1988-7975f706bd78.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextMultiLine(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e82ac5d5-c6dd-cb08-38c0-103c9fd5a0d6.md">GetContentLongTextMultiLineH</a></td>
<td>Gets the vertical relative alignment of the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="9cc5b633-e215-9a39-397e-6f176a30f4d0.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextMultiLineH(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bb0d6f65-85d7-d7e2-b57f-55a6df3c6ab6.md">GetContentLongTextNewFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the long text by generating a new font instance.<br />(Overrides <a href="2a4459d6-5c2f-dcce-5e27-a4982b1360a2.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextNewFont(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="42575f47-a1f7-09b0-b793-df5b2f2b3def.md">GetContentLongTextPrefix</a></td>
<td>Gets the prefix drawing setting for long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="53ea2d91-f453-2470-4d7b-88fd742fc984.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextPrefix(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0ffb9df2-f605-f767-84a4-cad5345f3881.md">GetContentLongTextTrim</a></td>
<td>Gets the text trimming to use for long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="3e13ebff-d358-4853-630c-22884d5cf68a.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextTrim(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bc5fd947-e32c-7b7f-fe3e-8028e99d3730.md">GetContentLongTextV</a></td>
<td>Gets the vertical relative alignment of the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="b156ebe4-18ce-02e2-dd5e-b722888068ef.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextV(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="907413f1-a181-4059-d683-be0c1934b43c.md">GetContentPadding</a></td>
<td>Gets the padding between the border and content drawing.<br />(Overrides <a href="a7fc807c-88c6-d66a-16ed-1b2cfe7613da.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentPadding(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="620311d0-748e-8692-2691-2c4e9f38efc6.md">GetContentShortTextColor1</a></td>
<td>Gets the first back color for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="901d796a-1a17-691a-1156-291c96a0841d.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextColor1(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0db80e3b-30bd-4c8c-8494-3aecfa73ed73.md">GetContentShortTextColor2</a></td>
<td>Gets the second back color for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="f7aa66c1-7d8b-49a3-012f-2a47affb62c9.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextColor2(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7552a63e-d804-9b16-f249-6f906aedd8ff.md">GetContentShortTextColorAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the color alignment for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="14c1cb36-68d3-6772-a515-b7222d657393.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextColorAlign(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e89fc3c1-bf58-5b14-fa35-4ce4c7391822.md">GetContentShortTextColorAngle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color background angle for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="92fe1e82-d1e4-f0c2-a755-ae974d967ead.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextColorAngle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a2416a20-6b95-e6d2-ce97-198825572eec.md">GetContentShortTextColorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color drawing style for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="c989ccf3-318a-a6cd-311b-2fbfe85712c7.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextColorStyle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c5b3e6f2-336c-423a-e186-0c0b65cd2e0e.md">GetContentShortTextFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="6e5f1f15-9421-f6c0-ced7-dcbaded5e9ee.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextFont(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8742dc1e-bde5-143a-5fe1-02c06570ac64.md">GetContentShortTextH</a></td>
<td>Gets the horizontal relative alignment of the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="66cb9457-d65d-88a0-e101-2043be33a215.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextH(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7eea67a2-603d-a6ba-18ae-5eb08d38aa34.md">GetContentShortTextHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the rendering hint for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="8328dc1c-b28c-5520-5433-b839ff5da821.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextHint(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c92103f4-9629-b390-d16f-ed281bd14293.md">GetContentShortTextImage</a></td>
<td>Gets a background image for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="0a3c04f9-a900-5de9-057a-2ee4f91bc097.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextImage(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5ac1f913-742e-2e53-e2f4-9b93837708b4.md">GetContentShortTextImageAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the image alignment for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="6df2448e-02eb-2ca6-3e81-d6ec74f73afc.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextImageAlign(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bdebe186-f086-1b8e-dc4e-b06ca3ee6d8c.md">GetContentShortTextImageStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background image style.<br />(Overrides <a href="72146495-4b8b-04ca-c77a-af1780874285.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextImageStyle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1c394854-05f8-5bf3-22f0-b30462f8bb95.md">GetContentShortTextMultiLine</a></td>
<td>Gets the flag indicating if multiline text is allowed for short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="d35afc7a-a1cf-5a9d-8b3c-b06dc23e628a.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextMultiLine(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5c52ec17-a794-0156-f93f-3182b2626cd2.md">GetContentShortTextMultiLineH</a></td>
<td>Gets the vertical relative alignment of the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="23671736-7b5c-b4b5-619f-e8588c33468b.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextMultiLineH(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d064612a-e656-ad23-0dfc-2b1abadfbd8f.md">GetContentShortTextNewFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the short text by generating a new font instance.<br />(Overrides <a href="d7584de0-ed60-2c38-972d-21a8ab23392a.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextNewFont(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ef607647-d39b-13ed-7102-0fdeb373a61e.md">GetContentShortTextPrefix</a></td>
<td>Gets the prefix drawing setting for short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="83e58944-3cc6-93c4-71e0-6558a87251d6.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextPrefix(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6c87cadc-fa66-0e28-f77f-bc50237b17d1.md">GetContentShortTextTrim</a></td>
<td>Gets the text trimming to use for short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="49f5c2b8-0fd9-fbaf-92e0-b2cea5ff93d3.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextTrim(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="afa14208-c155-4fda-ea55-299ad742dcd3.md">GetContentShortTextV</a></td>
<td>Gets the vertical relative alignment of the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="30626de3-abba-4879-e2fd-69d459392e67.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextV(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="077753a1-c163-e184-2306-095a4bfc05de.md">GetContentStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the style appropriate for this content.<br />(Overrides <a href="431355a2-f0c2-c65c-3cbc-4cfdbc9baac2.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentStyle()</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0e6877d-52ff-58da-c318-7ddaea6b4c4c.md">SetInherit</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the palette to inherit from.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
