# KryptonRibbonGroupItem Class


Represents the base class for all ribbon group items.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Ribbon (in Krypton.Ribbon.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public abstract class KryptonRibbonGroupItem : Component, 
	IRibbonGroupItem, IBindableComponent, IComponent, IDisposable
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public MustInherit Class KryptonRibbonGroupItem
	Inherits Component
	Implements IRibbonGroupItem, IBindableComponent, IComponent, IDisposable
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  KryptonRibbonGroupItem</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Derived</strong></td><td><a href="960f4a04-92a1-46ca-cf6d-664c6025ac61.md">Krypton.Ribbon.KryptonRibbonGroupButton</a><br /><a href="ab08bed7-8e75-e4fd-23c4-b34547202092.md">Krypton.Ribbon.KryptonRibbonGroupCheckBox</a><br /><a href="1f0bb262-122d-4738-efd2-e9476cb0d1bf.md">Krypton.Ribbon.KryptonRibbonGroupClusterButton</a><br /><a href="11637402-9f93-e6c3-d391-f6486719dd91.md">Krypton.Ribbon.KryptonRibbonGroupClusterColorButton</a><br /><a href="bab30d37-4263-5f5f-f567-4b11a8d08430.md">Krypton.Ribbon.KryptonRibbonGroupColorButton</a><br /><a href="e96bb369-1b1e-d331-dbf1-79608ed1a03f.md">Krypton.Ribbon.KryptonRibbonGroupComboBox</a><br /><a href="3514ad7f-e218-1343-3dd0-ef6f9b497234.md">Krypton.Ribbon.KryptonRibbonGroupContainer</a><br /><a href="7cfced11-1d27-bec8-bfd2-8cf4fe21460a.md">Krypton.Ribbon.KryptonRibbonGroupCustomControl</a><br /><a href="04dc8f1d-ae62-bf76-1852-b1ac85917f24.md">Krypton.Ribbon.KryptonRibbonGroupDateTimePicker</a><br /><a href="c2cf688c-9614-fb2f-14f2-299b2bcb6682.md">Krypton.Ribbon.KryptonRibbonGroupDomainUpDown</a><br /><a href="0749ed65-18cf-f94f-8aff-5a53b6b8dd44.md">Krypton.Ribbon.KryptonRibbonGroupLabel</a><br /><a href="48941fdd-6b47-4cf0-44b4-279bc59efe6a.md">Krypton.Ribbon.KryptonRibbonGroupMaskedTextBox</a><br /><a href="62b43cd2-3b5e-5ae9-5743-8f25eb278b4f.md">Krypton.Ribbon.KryptonRibbonGroupNumericUpDown</a><br /><a href="5098dccc-452d-0ea5-db6e-40fc48def2a4.md">Krypton.Ribbon.KryptonRibbonGroupRadioButton</a><br /><a href="405a46a1-72b8-c818-b203-0b62cf064e57.md">Krypton.Ribbon.KryptonRibbonGroupRichTextBox</a><br /><a href="0d8743d6-75d6-91aa-20dc-fecd0c417bc0.md">Krypton.Ribbon.KryptonRibbonGroupTextBox</a><br /><a href="1597dfac-7d3e-2f4f-2cd6-fa135a36bf28.md">Krypton.Ribbon.KryptonRibbonGroupTrackBar</a></td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td><a href="9e70587a-44d8-3b72-5ff8-b512e012420d.md">IRibbonGroupItem</a>, IComponent, IDisposable, IBindableComponent</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="5e89f42c-a28b-5d9d-4905-6b215ddef777.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a></td>
<td>Initialise a new instance of the KryptonRibbonGroupItem class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="c9f41166-b541-4efc-c022-7bf3fad1b338.md">BindingContext</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the component can raise an event.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302e2c6c-a240-ed7c-5bbf-0db525ef4a32.md">ChainVisible</a></td>
<td>Get a value indicating if all parent containers are visible.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="27c19a8c-9d52-40d5-9190-6d7fb79ce391.md">DataBindings</a></td>
<td>Retrieves the bindings for this control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ISite of the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8f0958de-84a9-b6c7-700f-32549d83cf88.md">Tag</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets user-defined data associated with the object.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ab122b1c-b5e5-dfd9-e66a-286ea03ea3cb.md">ToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the Wrapped Controls Tooltips.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4c31e104-2033-89a2-6523-f8f6d16791ca.md">ResetToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipValues property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="2b4a688f-28a6-a1ec-8dcf-1006667ef77f.md">_toolTipValues</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon Namespace</a>  
