# KryptonRibbonGroupDomainUpDown Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="472b8f9b-b9af-5633-492b-164535f27129.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Clean up any resources being used.<br />(Overrides Component.Dispose(Boolean))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="84553a14-4307-43df-4eed-930ed710f6c4.md">Hide</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon group domain up-down hidden.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd8157be-6574-3b9b-bf35-a7531b20ceaf.md">OnGotFocus</a></td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5133e778-6122-1622-4c12-b8a76f6b6c13.md">OnKeyDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyDown event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5ba8d2fc-25ec-7493-d9e0-b9083e9dead5.md">OnKeyPress</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyPress event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9e6eafc0-192b-d1ca-764a-1afbe40df678.md">OnKeyUp</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyUp event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="66504cde-868f-d6e1-2cce-09b248fc1bd1.md">OnLostFocus</a></td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8d3bf3c-ca4c-80fd-2b8f-005d7e04fd4e.md">OnPreviewKeyDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the PreviewKeyDown event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="09e836b7-46aa-2ce3-2e27-43bcd9d439b5.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="59cf904a-6738-9270-aaf5-67536d505673.md">OnScroll</a></td>
<td>Raises the SelectedItemChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c831c36e-ac8a-0684-1b0b-46848d75e67d.md">OnSelectedItemChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the SelectedItemChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="714a5098-f761-1d77-2ce0-8631680b0893.md">OnTextChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the TextChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cfcc03b9-bcfd-740a-e8b8-df078932e01e.md">ResetShortcutKeys</a></td>
<td>Resets the ShortcutKeys property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4c31e104-2033-89a2-6523-f8f6d16791ca.md">ResetToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipValues property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="82e1915e-c874-79aa-3741-63139d08cf35.md">Select</a></td>
<td>Selects a range of text in the control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d2bcb2b5-d51c-bf8c-6248-c11cc2d2dd7d.md">Show</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon group domain up-down visible.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="c2cf688c-9614-fb2f-14f2-299b2bcb6682.md">KryptonRibbonGroupDomainUpDown Class</a>  
<a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon Namespace</a>  
