# WorkspaceMenus Class


Storage for workspace context menu for pages.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="0dbf488f-9676-a1e5-a949-1b4bcea03d52.md">Krypton.Workspace</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Workspace (in Krypton.Workspace.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class WorkspaceMenus : Storage
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class WorkspaceMenus
	Inherits Storage
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>  →  WorkspaceMenus</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="e9b6086b-a46a-3130-1a0b-089d8ec08fa3.md">WorkspaceMenus</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the WorkspaceMenus class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a1c5545f-640b-3ce1-7cd1-00150ed1ba4a.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all values are default.<br />(Overrides <a href="bbc0e831-9474-3bce-65dc-0625d793d8c1.md">Storage.IsDefault</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="097a0f47-e60c-4bf7-802c-8391c6d8feff.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="879ca7f2-32c5-8581-44f2-c7aee6491db2.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f2a14fbb-fb5c-ccd2-e110-7e1e9f660d5a.md">ShortcutClose</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the shortcut for closing the current page.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e7871e11-2161-b2aa-f658-1f62473a4e5b.md">ShortcutCloseAllButThis</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the shortcut for 'close all but this' page.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5415cfa2-c709-1c2b-1c90-6fc1dd683397.md">ShortcutMaximizeRestore</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the shortcut for maximizing/restoring the layout.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e658683e-c6e6-cfde-0e48-77dd144021e8.md">ShortcutMoveNext</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the shortcut for moving the current page to the next cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1f94d6f7-350b-d4a8-e1cc-df7cd9e275de.md">ShortcutMovePrevious</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the shortcut for moving the current page to the previous cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e00a5a2c-7827-d9ec-caf7-e8e7fbe565f3.md">ShortcutRebalance</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the shortcut for rebalancing the layout.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="28547648-91b7-601e-dd4b-0580ade84f6c.md">ShortcutSplitHorizontal</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the shortcut for splitting the current page into a horizontal aligned page.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="edb89873-4771-522f-dd48-c6deae27f3be.md">ShortcutSplitVertical</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the shortcut for splitting the current page into a vertical aligned page.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8c8a6c3f-144a-ddc7-5f31-763512b2c855.md">ShowContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if a workspace context menu is shown on tab right clicking.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="95040354-501d-6657-a2fa-b8bf97eb25ef.md">TextClose</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text to use for the close context menu item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b701de51-3bd7-9da4-c78d-73cdfc72563d.md">TextCloseAllButThis</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text to use for the 'close all but this' context menu item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="257e17bb-add8-05e7-db99-5b56a18263a4.md">TextMaximize</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text to use for the maximize context menu item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="abc51805-a20a-995f-d5fd-097c2c2b37f2.md">TextMoveNext</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text to use for the move next context menu item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="59f0d186-a69d-0d89-7380-af742a04e48e.md">TextMovePrevious</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text to use for the move previous context menu item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e6fa6894-9bd4-ff0f-f092-53eeabea798d.md">TextRebalance</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text to use for the rebalance context menu item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7a1f92b5-4372-2f16-e791-02a3447dacf7.md">TextRestore</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text to use for the restore context menu item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="caa76199-6aea-431c-e96c-bc3a43bc2b4a.md">TextSplitHorizontal</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text to use for the split horizontal context menu item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="54cd7cad-f11d-f427-630c-842bd6df7590.md">TextSplitVertical</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text to use for the split vertical context menu item.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6935ce57-acc2-d29a-4da4-6da691dbf072.md">ResetShortcutClose</a></td>
<td>Resets the ShortcutClose property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="89f30a4c-7fd0-5f4f-bbe9-043c2601e924.md">ResetShortcutCloseAllButThis</a></td>
<td>Resets the ShortcutCloseAllButThis property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1b317240-af29-9b1f-ba57-820d6b59662a.md">ResetShortcutMaximizeRestore</a></td>
<td>Resets the ShortcutMaximizeRestore property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="658ca63c-e8cd-821f-4a0b-802e3598b9b2.md">ResetShortcutMoveNext</a></td>
<td>Resets the ShortcutMoveNext property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="43b6871e-782e-4820-e166-b8024e35c472.md">ResetShortcutMovePrevious</a></td>
<td>Resets the ShortcutMovePrevious property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="64c5a3ef-2b62-4263-c943-c0be98364628.md">ResetShortcutRebalance</a></td>
<td>Resets the ShortcutRebalance property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="22271ead-1fdd-8394-1bff-8e6e1e5a2b37.md">ResetShortcutSplitHorizontal</a></td>
<td>Resets the ShortcutSplitHorizontal property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e07f4297-2138-e11a-9318-3255d57b242d.md">ResetShortcutSplitVertical</a></td>
<td>Resets the ShortcutSplitVertical property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f2c4a333-8695-9c19-5cb3-f0f8591a7f01.md">ResetTextClose</a></td>
<td>Resets the TextClose property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fc80f6f5-c66b-e4c5-362d-01f0a90a83cf.md">ResetTextCloseAllButThis</a></td>
<td>Resets the TextCloseAllButThis property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6228bce4-2bc4-761c-a5d6-b17429bf2949.md">ResetTextMaximize</a></td>
<td>Resets the TextMaximize property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8b9e2f14-d401-9b02-c9ab-a1237c8b9355.md">ResetTextMoveNext</a></td>
<td>Resets the TextMoveNext property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b5e72971-5c23-01cb-0709-25fa4529e9f0.md">ResetTextMovePrevious</a></td>
<td>Resets the TextMovePrevious property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="163beddf-2d06-9510-0296-c6adcebe3615.md">ResetTextRebalance</a></td>
<td>Resets the TextRebalance property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1d13861a-677f-51d5-2d66-eeb38c118e6f.md">ResetTextRestore</a></td>
<td>Resets the TextRestore property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="958d3b3b-3e3a-d6a7-af4f-88a015670abb.md">ResetTextSplitHorizontal</a></td>
<td>Resets the TextSplitHorizontal property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="410a3671-94b5-9c55-29a2-4b9f98cfb852.md">ResetTextSplitVertical</a></td>
<td>Resets the TextSplitVertical property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="957ffca0-90d7-0e58-95ca-4eb293d29ed5.md">ShouldSerializeShortcutClose</a></td>
<td>Decide if the shortcut for closing the current page.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f61c01d4-f9e3-58e7-c9ed-0db1c4a85e92.md">ShouldSerializeShortcutCloseAllButThis</a></td>
<td>Decide if the shortcut for 'close all but this' page.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="26d6853a-fa86-9227-9afc-7f4172521274.md">ShouldSerializeShortcutMaximizeRestore</a></td>
<td>Decide if the shortcut for maximizing/restoring the layout.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b91210f8-c891-3dfe-27d0-924a0bda91a0.md">ShouldSerializeShortcutMoveNext</a></td>
<td>Decide if the shortcut for moving the current page to the next cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="27f9cd63-2772-392a-e161-1d43c101953f.md">ShouldSerializeShortcutMovePrevious</a></td>
<td>Decide if the shortcut for moving the current page to the previous cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bd52a19a-0a38-db27-1e65-bc7fab1d6d9e.md">ShouldSerializeShortcutRebalance</a></td>
<td>Decide if the shortcut for rebalancing the layout.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9a41d514-ce59-4eec-79d9-a9368dceeb85.md">ShouldSerializeShortcutSplitHorizontal</a></td>
<td>Decide if the shortcut for splitting the current page into a horizontal aligned page.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="045a1edd-47e8-c2da-0e36-902d11bcc6df.md">ShouldSerializeShortcutSplitVertical</a></td>
<td>Decide if the shortcut for splitting the current page into a vertical aligned page.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="0dbf488f-9676-a1e5-a949-1b4bcea03d52.md">Krypton.Workspace Namespace</a>  
