# KryptonWorkspaceCellList Class


Manages a list of KryptonWorkspaceCell instances.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="0dbf488f-9676-a1e5-a949-1b4bcea03d52.md">Krypton.Workspace</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Workspace (in Krypton.Workspace.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonWorkspaceCellList : List<KryptonWorkspaceCell>
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonWorkspaceCellList
	Inherits List(Of KryptonWorkspaceCell)
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>)  →  KryptonWorkspaceCellList</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="e692a93d-52a7-cc81-606c-37c788084b53.md">KryptonWorkspaceCellList</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the KryptonWorkspaceCellList class</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>Capacity</td>
<td>Gets or sets the total number of elements the internal data structure can hold without resizing.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Count</td>
<td>Gets the number of elements contained in the List(T).<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Item</td>
<td>Gets or sets the element at the specified index.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Add</td>
<td>Adds an object to the end of the List(T).<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AddRange</td>
<td>Adds the elements of the specified collection to the end of the List(T).<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AsReadOnly</td>
<td>Returns a read-only ReadOnlyCollection(T) wrapper for the current collection.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BinarySearch(T)</td>
<td>Searches the entire sorted List(T) for an element using the default comparer and returns the zero-based index of the element.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BinarySearch(T, IComparer(T))</td>
<td>Searches the entire sorted List(T) for an element using the specified comparer and returns the zero-based index of the element.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BinarySearch(Int32, Int32, T, IComparer(T))</td>
<td>Searches a range of elements in the sorted List(T) for an element using the specified comparer and returns the zero-based index of the element.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Clear</td>
<td>Removes all elements from the List(T).<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Contains</td>
<td>Determines whether an element is in the List(T).<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertAll(TOutput)</td>
<td>Converts the elements in the current List(T) to another type, and returns a list containing the converted elements.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CopyTo(T[])</td>
<td>Copies the entire List(T) to a compatible one-dimensional array, starting at the beginning of the target array.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CopyTo(T[], Int32)</td>
<td>Copies the entire List(T) to a compatible one-dimensional array, starting at the specified index of the target array.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CopyTo(Int32, T[], Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Copies a range of elements from the List(T) to a compatible one-dimensional array, starting at the specified index of the target array.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Exists</td>
<td>Determines whether the List(T) contains elements that match the conditions defined by the specified predicate.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Find</td>
<td>Searches for an element that matches the conditions defined by the specified predicate, and returns the first occurrence within the entire List(T).<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindAll</td>
<td>Retrieves all the elements that match the conditions defined by the specified predicate.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindIndex(Predicate(T))</td>
<td>Searches for an element that matches the conditions defined by the specified predicate, and returns the zero-based index of the first occurrence within the entire List(T).<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindIndex(Int32, Predicate(T))</td>
<td>Searches for an element that matches the conditions defined by the specified predicate, and returns the zero-based index of the first occurrence within the range of elements in the List(T) that extends from the specified index to the last element.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindIndex(Int32, Int32, Predicate(T))</td>
<td>Searches for an element that matches the conditions defined by the specified predicate, and returns the zero-based index of the first occurrence within the range of elements in the List(T) that starts at the specified index and contains the specified number of elements.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindLast</td>
<td>Searches for an element that matches the conditions defined by the specified predicate, and returns the last occurrence within the entire List(T).<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindLastIndex(Predicate(T))</td>
<td>Searches for an element that matches the conditions defined by the specified predicate, and returns the zero-based index of the last occurrence within the entire List(T).<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindLastIndex(Int32, Predicate(T))</td>
<td>Searches for an element that matches the conditions defined by the specified predicate, and returns the zero-based index of the last occurrence within the range of elements in the List(T) that extends from the first element to the specified index.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindLastIndex(Int32, Int32, Predicate(T))</td>
<td>Searches for an element that matches the conditions defined by the specified predicate, and returns the zero-based index of the last occurrence within the range of elements in the List(T) that contains the specified number of elements and ends at the specified index.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ForEach</td>
<td>Performs the specified action on each element of the List(T).<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetEnumerator</td>
<td>Returns an enumerator that iterates through the List(T).<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetRange</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of a range of elements in the source List(T).<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IndexOf(T)</td>
<td>Searches for the specified object and returns the zero-based index of the first occurrence within the entire List(T).<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IndexOf(T, Int32)</td>
<td>Searches for the specified object and returns the zero-based index of the first occurrence within the range of elements in the List(T) that extends from the specified index to the last element.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IndexOf(T, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Searches for the specified object and returns the zero-based index of the first occurrence within the range of elements in the List(T) that starts at the specified index and contains the specified number of elements.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Insert</td>
<td>Inserts an element into the List(T) at the specified index.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InsertRange</td>
<td>Inserts the elements of a collection into the List(T) at the specified index.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LastIndexOf(T)</td>
<td>Searches for the specified object and returns the zero-based index of the last occurrence within the entire List(T).<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LastIndexOf(T, Int32)</td>
<td>Searches for the specified object and returns the zero-based index of the last occurrence within the range of elements in the List(T) that extends from the first element to the specified index.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LastIndexOf(T, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Searches for the specified object and returns the zero-based index of the last occurrence within the range of elements in the List(T) that contains the specified number of elements and ends at the specified index.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Remove</td>
<td>Removes the first occurrence of a specific object from the List(T).<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RemoveAll</td>
<td>Removes all the elements that match the conditions defined by the specified predicate.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RemoveAt</td>
<td>Removes the element at the specified index of the List(T).<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RemoveRange</td>
<td>Removes a range of elements from the List(T).<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Reverse()</td>
<td>Reverses the order of the elements in the entire List(T).<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Reverse(Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Reverses the order of the elements in the specified range.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Sort()</td>
<td>Sorts the elements in the entire List(T) using the default comparer.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Sort(Comparison(T))</td>
<td>Sorts the elements in the entire List(T) using the specified Comparison(T).<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Sort(IComparer(T))</td>
<td>Sorts the elements in the entire List(T) using the specified comparer.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Sort(Int32, Int32, IComparer(T))</td>
<td>Sorts the elements in a range of elements in List(T) using the specified comparer.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToArray</td>
<td>Copies the elements of the List(T) to a new array.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TrimExcess</td>
<td>Sets the capacity to the actual number of elements in the List(T), if that number is less than a threshold value.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TrueForAll</td>
<td>Determines whether every element in the List(T) matches the conditions defined by the specified predicate.<br />(Inherited from List(<a href="b97e121c-fcc0-2249-475a-015f2aa73754.md">KryptonWorkspaceCell</a>))</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="0dbf488f-9676-a1e5-a949-1b4bcea03d52.md">Krypton.Workspace Namespace</a>  
