# ButtonSpecManagerDraw Class


Manage a collection of button specs for placing within a collection of ViewDrawDocker instances.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class ButtonSpecManagerDraw : ButtonSpecManagerBase
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class ButtonSpecManagerDraw
	Inherits ButtonSpecManagerBase
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>  →  ButtonSpecManagerDraw</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="d4a66b43-711e-8c76-5859-d0e7b5b80dce.md">ButtonSpecManagerDraw(Control, PaletteRedirect, ButtonSpecCollectionBase, ButtonSpecCollectionBase, ViewDrawDocker[], IPaletteMetric[], PaletteMetricInt[], PaletteMetricPadding[], GetToolStripRenderer, NeedPaintHandler)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the ButtonSpecManagerDraw class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="52cbc238-32c1-aee1-5726-7c1ccbd3dfce.md">ButtonSpecManagerDraw(Control, PaletteRedirect, ButtonSpecCollectionBase, ButtonSpecCollectionBase, ViewDrawDocker[], IPaletteMetric[], PaletteMetricInt[], PaletteMetricInt[], PaletteMetricPadding[], GetToolStripRenderer, NeedPaintHandler)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the ButtonSpecManagerDraw class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="559c2c50-81bf-10b8-7e4c-7b7527227d1d.md">ButtonSpecViews</a></td>
<td>Gets an array containing references of all the current views.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fe1f3c58-d4dc-ca75-48fd-46bd72d55ffd.md">Control</a></td>
<td>Gets the owning control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="169ef253-8d66-86f0-a4c6-8bf37b2c4fa6.md">DockerCount</a></td>
<td>Gets the number of dockers.<br />(Overrides <a href="c0ef9cb7-cf5c-7e55-c264-23e8fe6e3a9e.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase.DockerCount</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1da727af-636c-2c67-8cbc-8c535710fe66.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="85e4eb4f-05f5-37bd-2ccb-d0654016bcaf.md">ToolTipManager</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the associated tooltip manager.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5dd75629-31da-9d60-85c9-a1ad8d005b27.md">UseInsideSpacers</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if inside edge spacers are required.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="add5689e-ecd0-f131-8c6b-522c87afffff.md">UseMnemonic</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the use of mnemonics.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="93be5ac9-ba46-0336-5329-c09cb9794a06.md">AddSpacersToDocker</a></td>
<td>Add the spacing views into the indexed docker.<br />(Overrides <a href="55c76c04-7ac8-2613-d0b2-be4fc93e20f0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase.AddSpacersToDocker(Int32, ViewLayoutMetricSpacer, ViewLayoutMetricSpacer)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e82bbf2e-de9b-e334-f562-e39ca993b9bf.md">AddViewToDocker</a></td>
<td>Add a view element to a docker.<br />(Overrides <a href="a2204b4b-f9a4-185d-1c7c-438e4433b230.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase.AddViewToDocker(Int32, ViewDockStyle, ViewBase, Boolean)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="502c4aba-500f-1b2b-6d83-5dd42ea89e26.md">ButtonSpecCreated</a></td>
<td>Perform final steps now that the button spec has been created.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b8f97cea-8ca3-f7f8-1043-646e8dae0d59.md">ButtonSpecFromView</a></td>
<td>Gets the ButtonSpec associated with the provided view element.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="33253526-4353-e4b1-1069-79f032e3bc6c.md">Construct</a></td>
<td>Perform once only construction.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8766b6a3-7851-c50d-6088-73fd700f6761.md">CreateButtonSpecRemap</a></td>
<td>Create a palette redirector for remapping button spec colors.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="99696855-0b18-7429-dfcd-29794476535c.md">CreateButtonSpecView</a></td>
<td>Create the button spec view appropriate for the button spec.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6c729f8a-b6d6-f7c2-8c92-a9a77021c32c.md">DesignerGetHitTest</a></td>
<td>Is the provided over a part of the view that wants the mouse.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="483963cd-99eb-29eb-8e59-68702131d149.md">Destruct</a></td>
<td>Destruct the previously created views.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f5145997-c0d0-6969-316e-063fcab6614f.md">DockerIndex</a></td>
<td>Gets the index of the provided docker.<br />(Overrides <a href="60e0157e-ef76-b3e2-43a6-c245c841cdc6.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase.DockerIndex(ViewBase)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9a333cb6-29ff-4061-3fcc-a61ceb6102a6.md">DockerOrientation</a></td>
<td>Gets the orientation of the docker at the specified index.<br />(Overrides <a href="a15e06e4-810c-9875-b32b-81598a521a54.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase.DockerOrientation(Int32)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="434e8a70-620e-fb77-79e6-53b643a14053.md">GetButtonRectangle</a></td>
<td>Get the display rectangle of the provided button.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0ed9d26b-f9ee-8b74-12e6-8e872b5388d3.md">GetButtonSpecFromView</a></td>
<td>Find the ButtonSpec definition associated with the provided button view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="72f1014b-bf39-c2c1-aac5-0f2e159f3ca0.md">GetDockerForeground</a></td>
<td>Gets the element that represents the foreground color.<br />(Overrides <a href="6fee2745-e5af-8a65-5917-9a50518e77c4.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase.GetDockerForeground(Int32)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1db4cf9a-ad0f-4a70-51ff-62f0b869500c.md">GetFirstVisibleViewButton</a></td>
<td>Gets the view for the first visible and enabled button spec of the defined edge.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="abc5d6c7-1241-1dc1-4af9-ca21d3a410c3.md">GetLastVisibleViewButton</a></td>
<td>Gets the view for the last visible and enabled button spec of the defined edge.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7b4387af-432d-40f6-60e6-d3bdffd36e22.md">GetNextVisibleViewButton</a></td>
<td>Gets the view for the next visible and enabled button spec of the defined edge.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d4d53cd9-b50c-8c18-8414-10a86e1c3ec7.md">GetPreviousVisibleViewButton</a></td>
<td>Gets the view for the previous visible and enabled button spec of the defined edge.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7e2904b1-f1cb-03fc-0bed-6659973795ce.md">IndexDocker</a></td>
<td>Gets the docker at the specified index.<br />(Overrides <a href="2400118b-85fd-a75f-9ab2-1c5fa1133e7f.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase.IndexDocker(Int32)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bed5e279-ae1c-4b28-5118-ff3284d08426.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6c1669c4-7110-21a9-5644-50a5514df556.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Requests a repaint and optional layout be performed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7befcb69-40f8-2fcc-357e-a611c07ef330.md">PerformNeedPaint(Object, Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Requests a repaint and optional layout be performed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ed2e1d9c-da4b-abe6-4c4e-399b75ab0bee.md">ProcessMnemonic</a></td>
<td>Processes a mnemonic character.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="66752152-cabe-79ae-8dc0-95723e70b383.md">RecreateButtons</a></td>
<td>Requests that all the buttons be recreated.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4b9f25e2-8db4-876a-dee8-9e5837e67530.md">RefreshButtons()</a></td>
<td>Requests that all the buttons have state refreshed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="97d75dd7-fbd6-3322-78f3-2e5b2b5e6650.md">RefreshButtons(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Requests that all the buttons have state refreshed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a9d7f42e-016b-e918-3dda-a303e9604794.md">RenderToolStrip</a></td>
<td>Get a tool strip renderer appropriate for the hosting control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="484b0eb0-1ab4-f869-eea9-1ae2878b8071.md">SetDockerMetrics(ViewBase, IPaletteMetric)</a></td>
<td>Update the palette for a specified docker view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="77211813-d26f-87c3-7165-4205719d2162.md">SetDockerMetrics(ViewBase, IPaletteMetric, PaletteMetricInt, PaletteMetricPadding)</a></td>
<td>Update the metric details for a specified docker view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
