# PaletteRibbonGeneral Class


Storage for general ribbon values.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class PaletteRibbonGeneral : Storage, 
	IPaletteRibbonGeneral
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class PaletteRibbonGeneral
	Inherits Storage
	Implements IPaletteRibbonGeneral
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>  →  PaletteRibbonGeneral</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td><a href="7e9fb940-7d26-41b2-3437-b0d716494feb.md">IPaletteRibbonGeneral</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="423b70d0-e635-2264-25c4-be8faa594eb8.md">PaletteRibbonGeneral</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the PaletteRibbonGeneral class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="7ba2359a-d53b-138c-109b-80370af2976c.md">ContextTextAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text alignment for the ribbon context text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="45deaec8-c399-e5e2-aa3d-579da96502ef.md">ContextTextColor</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text color used for ribbon context text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dac964e1-c10a-5df4-4dc4-d52aa6325d54.md">ContextTextFont</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the font for the ribbon context text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bc51a353-0696-02bd-7588-ce5e89100e1f.md">DisabledDark</a></td>
<td>Gets access to dark disabled color used for ribbon glyphs.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9ce0273a-bc4b-514f-df9d-ff8f13b8fe25.md">DisabledLight</a></td>
<td>Gets access to light disabled color used for ribbon glyphs.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="77cc0566-f8d8-2367-37ee-17436387c170.md">DropArrowDark</a></td>
<td>Gets access to ribbon drop arrow dark color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3edb2beb-2790-33f4-87cd-34032678fee0.md">DropArrowLight</a></td>
<td>Gets access to ribbon drop arrow light color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="69f998dd-ae0d-821e-f9a7-be3eaf11c0b6.md">GroupDialogDark</a></td>
<td>Gets access to ribbon dialog launcher button dark color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="298743d5-89fb-97b9-6db9-2a62c5940f7c.md">GroupDialogLight</a></td>
<td>Gets access to ribbon group dialog launcher button light color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b2d655cf-e378-13cc-8bda-42e95af71934.md">GroupSeparatorDark</a></td>
<td>Gets access to ribbon group separator dark color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1f8db397-2806-b007-9602-13c289d5b7d5.md">GroupSeparatorLight</a></td>
<td>Gets access to ribbon group separator light color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="13dfcc78-f52d-e916-db33-a18b56feb5a9.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all values are default.<br />(Overrides <a href="bbc0e831-9474-3bce-65dc-0625d793d8c1.md">Storage.IsDefault</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a3bb2d8f-0bf1-ad23-0b3c-886eb71f6e87.md">MinimizeBarDarkColor</a></td>
<td>Gets access to ribbon minimize bar dark color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f80946cc-0ef8-d916-0e48-5e8a4a9699a6.md">MinimizeBarLightColor</a></td>
<td>Gets access to ribbon minimize bar light color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="097a0f47-e60c-4bf7-802c-8391c6d8feff.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="879ca7f2-32c5-8581-44f2-c7aee6491db2.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="17eac176-fc5d-dfa2-faf2-afba024642a9.md">QATButtonDarkColor</a></td>
<td>Gets access to extra QAT extra button dark content color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="be5d95a8-f93d-2e96-80c5-af5da9432f02.md">QATButtonLightColor</a></td>
<td>Gets access to extra QAT extra button light content color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="53519aef-88db-f493-2274-075e22f07030.md">RibbonShape</a></td>
<td>Gets access to ribbon shape.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f10dfd15-d6b1-d70c-c5ed-2657b0d9933e.md">TabSeparatorColor</a></td>
<td>Gets access to ribbon tab separator color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d497003a-7e07-f066-e790-ee00005595d4.md">TabSeparatorContextColor</a></td>
<td>Gets access to ribbon context tab separator color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="671f2936-2217-97a0-b5d4-cf6a2792ba9c.md">TextFont</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the font for the ribbon text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b386c906-c8f5-e663-b356-b9bb6e12f53a.md">TextHint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the rendering hint for the text font.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a437975c-071b-8bb5-e586-b10f846fda85.md">GetRibbonContextTextAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the text alignment for the ribbon context text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="30940446-ff6c-de3d-3103-d8d303da1cb8.md">GetRibbonContextTextColor</a></td>
<td>Gets the color of the ribbon caption text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fd832fa1-7318-7a2e-d3b5-ded4c6ad784e.md">GetRibbonContextTextFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the ribbon context text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="982c543a-7795-3b15-35fe-1f7d0f6aac05.md">GetRibbonDisabledDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the dark disabled color used for ribbon glyphs.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8cd5a13e-c9bd-2470-e5ba-7477f92e9560.md">GetRibbonDisabledLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the light disabled color used for ribbon glyphs.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="08826cf1-5e46-7c87-1f6c-3e976c9dbb55.md">GetRibbonDropArrowDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the drop arrow dark color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8adcf77f-332d-a01e-3d28-fb09c5559bdf.md">GetRibbonDropArrowLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the drop arrow light.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e0911eb1-cb38-0bad-4880-c4415a815bd5.md">GetRibbonGroupDialogDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the dialog launcher dark.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="315ef529-a6da-25fc-7b23-fe319bb9f8d9.md">GetRibbonGroupDialogLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the dialog launcher light.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="caa55b1f-a686-cd88-e3c4-f2547eb3b5ff.md">GetRibbonGroupSeparatorDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the dialog launcher dark.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="20c1e7bb-37c4-bf06-8f5d-1b985dcc0fe7.md">GetRibbonGroupSeparatorLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the dialog launcher light.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d5a880eb-dbf8-c3b3-92ba-0fd2617e8a06.md">GetRibbonMinimizeBarDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the ribbon minimize bar dark.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="828ef637-9297-87c1-28ff-b13442e6868e.md">GetRibbonMinimizeBarLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the ribbon minimize bar light.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a404dd55-2d8d-8e41-6790-e893981f46d6.md">GetRibbonQATButtonDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the extra QAT button dark content color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fca6d595-4f83-245f-038f-30d426981064.md">GetRibbonQATButtonLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the extra QAT button light content color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0fc944e2-557c-df04-2360-01c3edefde3d.md">GetRibbonShape</a></td>
<td>Gets the ribbon shape.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="203c733e-132e-e814-b741-349368c17c2c.md">GetRibbonTabSeparatorColor</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the tab separator.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d69b86fc-2b55-adc3-06eb-a3dc920d9022.md">GetRibbonTabSeparatorContextColor</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the tab context separator.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6f2f6c47-4e53-34a9-4705-9c47ccb2d272.md">GetRibbonTextFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the ribbon text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cd66e2a1-e572-a547-e859-0bae04ba893a.md">GetRibbonTextHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the rendering hint for the ribbon font.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="234f01c0-0bc2-dc95-efc6-99e9e7a581c5.md">PopulateFromBase</a></td>
<td>Populate values from the base palette.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aa6a34e2-9ff4-02c2-1340-698b2dc53bd6.md">ResetContextTextAlign</a></td>
<td>Reset the ContextTextAlign to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3ae7bc86-ddbd-9616-d1ba-0d8f9aa8ef4d.md">ResetContextTextColor</a></td>
<td>Resets the ContextTextColor property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31e06194-4c61-370c-6644-f1da90c85ffb.md">ResetContextTextFont</a></td>
<td>Reset the ContextTextFont to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b0f93a90-fe84-32de-0436-a9fc3a6f6f25.md">ResetDisabledDark</a></td>
<td>Resets the DisabledDark property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d9bf854e-fd9c-0b22-69c6-cf59dcf79851.md">ResetDisabledLight</a></td>
<td>Resets the DisabledLight property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f212dcf7-a728-7179-fe50-4016f138f13f.md">ResetDropArrowDark</a></td>
<td>Resets the DropArrowDark property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8e2e605e-f3be-c93f-8cd8-7049b9062605.md">ResetDropArrowLight</a></td>
<td>Resets the DropArrowLight property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9f78f583-9cd6-d5e0-c6bc-7cd5fd8f9c82.md">ResetGroupDialogDark</a></td>
<td>Resets the GroupDialogDark property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cbddc574-85f5-dff9-0f93-d7add0556a7d.md">ResetGroupDialogLight</a></td>
<td>Resets the GroupDialogLight property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="42b0a748-b8da-bf0c-4f75-50a39b0aa852.md">ResetGroupSeparatorDark</a></td>
<td>Resets the GroupDialogDark property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31755d3b-ea25-9455-6bcc-2ff80a0730e5.md">ResetGroupSeparatorLight</a></td>
<td>Resets the GroupSeparatorLight property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bed36920-bd3f-a0ec-b491-3ba3c76bd5e3.md">ResetMinimizeBarDarkColor</a></td>
<td>Resets the MinimizeBarDarkColor property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="433f67f6-6f29-c33a-2ca2-f8bb9356fdac.md">ResetMinimizeBarLightColor</a></td>
<td>Resets the MinimizeBarLightColor property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9d8414ba-f5f0-7e85-8b85-4785175a75bd.md">ResetQATButtonDarkColor</a></td>
<td>Resets the QATButtonDarkColor property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8e23c7ad-a6dc-6d91-dcd8-7d803f66555b.md">ResetQATButtonLightColor</a></td>
<td>Resets the QATButtonLightColor property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e9f14928-3991-17e6-68da-32c8b20faac5.md">ResetRibbonShape</a></td>
<td>Resets the RibbonShape property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9b51978e-f6fa-bd2c-2786-99d2758a74cf.md">ResetTabSeparatorColor</a></td>
<td>Resets the TabSeparatorColor property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63bb6bc3-b077-f0ea-9005-00ca26d80c31.md">ResetTabSeparatorContextColor</a></td>
<td>Resets the TabSeparatorContextColor property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ad7561df-4a79-59c3-2582-f69e5c3ff02e.md">ResetTextFont</a></td>
<td>Reset the TextFont to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a07d12de-e446-56f1-ab1b-2f9243a79a04.md">ResetTextHint</a></td>
<td>Reset the TextHint to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0cd58c15-c5fa-76b4-a43a-43fe4ccf847c.md">SetInherit</a></td>
<td>Sets the inheritance parent.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
