# PaletteInputControlTripleRedirect Class


Implement storage for palette border, background and content for input control common state.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class PaletteInputControlTripleRedirect : Storage, 
	IPaletteTriple, IPaletteMetric
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class PaletteInputControlTripleRedirect
	Inherits Storage
	Implements IPaletteTriple, IPaletteMetric
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>  →  PaletteInputControlTripleRedirect</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td><a href="24be40a1-a3fd-2c4b-ff96-f9b04b615193.md">IPaletteMetric</a>, <a href="6e0b2125-ea47-b68f-46f9-5c79c12d3589.md">IPaletteTriple</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="ea859f41-1701-76e3-f07e-1a17144c78a6.md">PaletteInputControlTripleRedirect</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the PaletteInputControlTripleRedirect class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="95b13aa5-5cc3-11ed-f35f-d92cffafcdd7.md">Back</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the background palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="feb29f2d-b15b-b3c6-b712-7a5a6dce4e2c.md">BackStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the back palette style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e5318f4c-8949-2617-7cea-78ac5e8877b3.md">Border</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the border palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6d23ac49-6010-3e83-33e6-c1bba03e63f2.md">BorderStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border palette style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="446a6787-e7f7-f56a-a293-efb8e1a99e1f.md">Content</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the content palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cbeb8199-4706-9cd8-9d18-f238c58426e1.md">ContentStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the content palette style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="18228d2f-924a-934c-0c9c-68d547a5890b.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all values are default.<br />(Overrides <a href="bbc0e831-9474-3bce-65dc-0625d793d8c1.md">Storage.IsDefault</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="097a0f47-e60c-4bf7-802c-8391c6d8feff.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="879ca7f2-32c5-8581-44f2-c7aee6491db2.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b7816a71-7aea-7602-3bf9-922ab57d37f1.md">PaletteBack</a></td>
<td>Gets the background palette.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="182501d1-3177-e491-050d-255df99f95d2.md">PaletteBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border palette.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1f007e50-9a36-ed97-9a95-ff48fee96829.md">PaletteContent</a></td>
<td>Gets the content palette.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b2f46118-1755-dd54-a2ea-e564bf195f2b.md">GetMetricBool</a></td>
<td>Gets a boolean metric value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a5658b13-6431-ab9f-a263-f3a165e6c9a8.md">GetMetricInt</a></td>
<td>Gets an integer metric value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d63375b3-134d-b222-c8ac-be2bcacd1dbb.md">GetMetricPadding</a></td>
<td>Gets a padding metric value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9ae2671f-266e-2053-24cc-3e1529c168e0.md">OnNeedPaint(Object, Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Handle a change event from palette source.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint(Object, NeedLayoutEventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fcbebe7b-04ce-8689-e5b2-ff12164cd75e.md">PopulateFromBase</a></td>
<td>Populate values from the base palette.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4d89c0ee-304f-7c37-def8-ab49bf69e828.md">SetRedirector</a></td>
<td>Update the redirector with new reference.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="98ee77c3-6b14-6231-11f9-a909353ccde5.md">SetStyles(InputControlStyle)</a></td>
<td>Update each individual style based on the input control style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6c1df2e6-de22-6c21-29d2-3a3294fb8bc3.md">SetStyles(PaletteBackStyle, PaletteBorderStyle, PaletteContentStyle)</a></td>
<td>Update each individual style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
