# KryptonContextMenuCheckBox Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="770a8ef1-fcd2-87ae-19ab-eff49a5a36c9.md">GenerateView</a></td>
<td>Returns a view appropriate for this item based on the object it is inside.<br />(Overrides <a href="4ff50a92-e0d0-944c-4542-c1dfe1101a0b.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase.GenerateView(IContextMenuProvider, Object, ViewLayoutStack, Boolean, Boolean)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aee296e6-df37-ef21-f053-b7aaed10c3bb.md">OnCheckedChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the CheckedChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="95c8166b-9573-68f6-837e-e2c0a786413c.md">OnCheckStateChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the CheckStateChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b07ddc19-b9a3-be88-d103-a96f2fb49f12.md">OnClick</a></td>
<td>Raises the Click event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="313c6727-c18d-a9a3-5fb5-e592eb5e4516.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0493ef13-8c03-5b4b-aca9-9ed23ff0e858.md">OnToolTipNeeded</a></td>
<td>Raises the ToolTipNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4f91146a-608e-53cb-b909-933a23a31653.md">PerformClick</a></td>
<td>Generates a Click event for the component.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e00c0c9-3cfa-fcec-2fff-bac3a9953259.md">ProcessShortcut</a></td>
<td>Test for the provided shortcut and perform relevant action if a match is found.<br />(Overrides <a href="1290fb0d-f07b-010e-f79d-c7e1a108ac56.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase.ProcessShortcut(Keys)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="46907c04-f166-ac3c-11f3-65f5be172eef.md">ResetToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipValues property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4dec2d82-c077-44fa-9aba-e0769b00de2e.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a description of the instance.<br />(Overrides Component.ToString())</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="2ada1742-b501-4f19-8766-507ddaee90ff.md">KryptonContextMenuCheckBox Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
