# PaletteGraphicsHint Class


Specifies a graphics rendering hint.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public sealed class PaletteGraphicsHint : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public NotInheritable Class PaletteGraphicsHint
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  PaletteGraphicsHint</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="5df97a6d-8b6f-5c3f-7366-dfd567fcf070.md">AntiAlias</a></td>
<td>Specifies anti aliasing for graphics rendering.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7acd4d22-c37a-cd4c-de93-e2ec0570ca0b.md">HighQuality</a></td>
<td>Specifies antialiased rendering.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bf2148c4-194e-9dfd-031a-f69fe8730dd8.md">HighSpeed</a></td>
<td>Specifies no antialiasing.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="085342fd-7959-f5a4-d2c3-c77470912157.md">Inherit</a></td>
<td>Specifies graphics hint should be inherited.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="27432bb3-ce1b-3fa2-3d0a-52215d0caa14.md">None</a></td>
<td>Specifies no smoothing for graphics rendering.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4532323b-48e0-45e0-73e3-616efd130b9e.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
