# KryptonDataGridViewDateTimePickerColumn Class


Hosts a collection of KryptonDataGridViewDateTimePickerCell cells.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonDataGridViewDateTimePickerColumn : KryptonDataGridViewIconColumn
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonDataGridViewDateTimePickerColumn
	Inherits KryptonDataGridViewIconColumn
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  DataGridViewElement  →  DataGridViewBand  →  DataGridViewColumn  →  <a href="21f6015d-1ab5-4482-8193-6cf4882c3abf.md">KryptonDataGridViewIconColumn</a>  →  KryptonDataGridViewDateTimePickerColumn</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="081ac0bb-8610-a529-3493-323e19530359.md">KryptonDataGridViewDateTimePickerColumn</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonDataGridViewDateTimePickerColumn class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="cdf2b13d-5f8d-c619-3188-addc28c41d3a.md">AutoShift</a></td>
<td>Replicates the AutoShift property of the KryptonDataGridViewDateTimePickerCell cell type.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the mode by which the column automatically adjusts its width.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2d2f0522-0370-9493-754e-50dc7e2e4843.md">CalendarAnnuallyBoldedDates</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the array of DateTime objects that determines which annual days are Displayed in bold.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="55a6c5a1-d94c-09d0-0279-5bd44f8a177f.md">CalendarBoldedDates</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the array of DateTime objects that determines which nonrecurring dates are Displayed in bold.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="28d5873f-2d39-262a-8879-a659ef7a88c3.md">CalendarCloseOnTodayClick</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if clicking the Today button closes the drop down menu.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="45e62a08-e2c9-b48b-b26f-173b38f57dac.md">CalendarDimensions</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the number of columns and rows of months Displayed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ddfaf34e-88d9-f235-9792-159bb69aad6d.md">CalendarFirstDayOfWeek</a></td>
<td>First day of the week.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7002d1ab-40eb-5885-7ce7-65748ff464ef.md">CalendarMonthlyBoldedDates</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the array of DateTime objects that determine which monthly days to bold.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="00ec158d-aa04-850f-2889-4f6d73bca01b.md">CalendarShowToday</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the control will display todays date.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b4cc0f41-60cb-47b1-72b8-cd915150dc19.md">CalendarShowTodayCircle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the control will circle the today date.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="09345275-70b5-6ae2-8613-3a1c1a012ade.md">CalendarShowWeekNumbers</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if week numbers to the left of each row.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="87ceb9e7-bfe2-af85-03e0-aed08a7e419e.md">CalendarTodayDate</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets today's date.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6c991d56-c1d3-2397-3b1e-1fe0425e63eb.md">CalendarTodayText</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the label text for todays text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e9741cbb-a25a-d0e4-6f36-71253d9cf393.md">CellTemplate</a></td>
<td>Represents the implicit cell that gets cloned when adding rows to the grid.<br />(Overrides DataGridViewColumn.CellTemplate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellType</td>
<td>Gets the run-time type of the cell template.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a2d2e362-da91-2684-5e07-5f099b9a13b1.md">Checked</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating if the check box is checked and if the ValueNullable is DBNull or a DateTime value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStrip</td>
<td>Gets or sets the shortcut menu for the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0a5373f4-334c-44f6-02ed-51ccacac76d6.md">CustomFormat</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom date/time format string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="623c0133-a3a6-5a7e-7394-9d34560e9ba5.md">CustomNullText</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom text to show when control is not checked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataGridView</td>
<td>Gets the DataGridView control associated with this element.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataPropertyName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the data source property or database column to which the DataGridViewColumn is bound.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCellStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets the column's default cell style.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultHeaderCellType</td>
<td>Gets or sets the run-time type of the default header cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Displayed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the band is currently displayed onscreen.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the display order of the column relative to the currently displayed columns.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DividerWidth</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width, in pixels, of the column divider.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FillWeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value that represents the width of the column when it is in fill mode relative to the widths of other fill-mode columns in the control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2858754e-ef98-f0bb-1ead-bba5054684d3.md">Format</a></td>
<td>Replicates the Format property of the KryptonDataGridViewDateTimePickerCell cell type.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Frozen</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether a column will move when a user scrolls the DataGridView control horizontally.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasDefaultCellStyle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the DefaultCellStyle property has been set.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HeaderCell</td>
<td>Gets or sets the DataGridViewColumnHeaderCell that represents the column header.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HeaderCellCore</td>
<td>Gets or sets the header cell of the DataGridViewBand.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HeaderText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the caption text on the column's header cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="040bedbd-54c5-e613-cb1e-44ed23090eb9.md">IconSpecs</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of the icon specifications.<br />(Inherited from <a href="21f6015d-1ab5-4482-8193-6cf4882c3abf.md">KryptonDataGridViewIconColumn</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Index</td>
<td>Gets the relative position of the band within the DataGridView control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InheritedAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Gets the sizing mode in effect for the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InheritedStyle</td>
<td>Gets the cell style currently applied to the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDataBound</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the column is bound to a data source.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsRow</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the band represents a row.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7224eb07-38ae-80b0-8d46-1b45cf13a199.md">MaxDate</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the maximum date and time that can be selected in the control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c64b0211-814c-8f9c-ac29-2b2184c17ed2.md">MinDate</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the minimum date and time that can be selected in the control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumWidth</td>
<td>Gets or sets the minimum width, in pixels, of the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ReadOnly</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can edit the column's cells.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Resizable</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the column is resizable.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Selected</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the band is in a selected user interface (UI) state.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1a4e7394-2e6a-17dd-5f8f-9c31c0922384.md">ShowCheckBox</a></td>
<td>Replicates the ShowCheckBox property of the KryptonDataGridViewDateTimePickerCell cell type.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8cffe6bd-2637-0f3e-1d80-ac0c686fb7a7.md">ShowUpDown</a></td>
<td>Replicates the ShowUpDown property of the KryptonDataGridViewDateTimePickerCell cell type.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the sort mode for the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>State</td>
<td>Gets the user interface (UI) state of the element.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data to associate with the band.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolTipText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the text used for ToolTips.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ValueType</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data type of the values in the column's cells.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the column is visible.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the current width of the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="b95c20cb-d5d9-5f17-283f-e5495a7f7220.md">Clone</a></td>
<td>Create a cloned copy of the column.<br />(Overrides <a href="2c225d0c-ac0d-d52c-a7d5-7427b6930106.md">KryptonDataGridViewIconColumn.Clone()</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the DataGridViewBand.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the DataGridViewBand and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases the resources associated with the band.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPreferredWidth</td>
<td>Calculates the ideal width of the column based on the specified criteria.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataGridViewChanged</td>
<td>Called when the band is associated with a different DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseCellClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseCellContentClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellContentClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseCellContentDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellContentDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseCellValueChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CellValueChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseDataError</td>
<td>Raises the DataError event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseMouseWheel</td>
<td>Raises the MouseWheel event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b3dc3936-9eb7-38b4-efb1-238ebad3a865.md">ResetCalendarTodayText</a></td>
<td>Reset the value of the CalendarTodayText property.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6b79dfcb-2444-7cb4-70eb-ce5d5eb59337.md">ShouldSerializeCalendarAnnuallyBoldedDates</a></td>
<td>Should the CalendarAnnuallyBoldedDates property be serialized.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e9838f83-ea1d-1b4a-ef8a-d29235edbabb.md">ShouldSerializeCalendarBoldedDates</a></td>
<td>Should the CalendarBoldedDates property be serialized.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="13027c93-f344-2ed8-0f3a-1f2692cb0b94.md">ShouldSerializeCalendarMonthlyBoldedDates</a></td>
<td>Should the CalendarMonthlyBoldedDates property be serialized.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3ed3ab7b-6627-b79e-6e0a-f9beb0d2cdf0.md">ShouldSerializeMaxDate</a></td>
<td>Should the MaxDate property be serialized.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2a78cc69-6bd5-fcd1-d881-96bb023031f9.md">ShouldSerializeMinDate</a></td>
<td>Should the MinDate property be serialized.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="664459bd-bba8-1730-8912-91335facc04b.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a standard compact string representation of the column.<br />(Overrides DataGridViewColumn.ToString())</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the DataGridViewColumn is disposed.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
