# KryptonBreadCrumbItem Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="54e80074-fd39-95ef-456c-74067b4d36d1.md">GetImage</a></td>
<td>Gets the content image.<br />(Inherited from <a href="33541c9a-6117-f59c-b8b8-6a1804a64d9c.md">KryptonListItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fa150f7f-4856-2840-e6e3-9c4969cfc7d6.md">GetImageTransparentColor</a></td>
<td>Gets the image color that should be transparent.<br />(Inherited from <a href="33541c9a-6117-f59c-b8b8-6a1804a64d9c.md">KryptonListItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="90d6b708-ed2f-f9cc-62af-2a0a2c2c9925.md">GetLongText</a></td>
<td>Gets the content long text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="33541c9a-6117-f59c-b8b8-6a1804a64d9c.md">KryptonListItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c16b36f0-94b5-3273-9847-424b2f91c19d.md">GetShortText</a></td>
<td>Gets the content short text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="33541c9a-6117-f59c-b8b8-6a1804a64d9c.md">KryptonListItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d6a9e2f8-4e9d-016c-1f44-61272b0123df.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.<br />(Overrides <a href="93cf43de-c18a-bcd4-88db-7bed16b71e63.md">KryptonListItem.OnPropertyChanged(PropertyChangedEventArgs)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e71d9b7c-28fa-7c50-1ea8-666f76a7897e.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Gets the string representation of the object.<br />(Overrides <a href="8ba0adb8-1240-8ff5-8fe7-09f61912073f.md">KryptonListItem.ToString()</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="edfb6460-f812-2b8c-8eea-321f0770a140.md">KryptonBreadCrumbItem Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
