# DragViewController Class


Process mouse events for handling drag and drop operations.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Navigator (in Krypton.Navigator.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class DragViewController : GlobalId, 
	IMouseController, IKeyController, ISourceController
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class DragViewController
	Inherits GlobalId
	Implements IMouseController, IKeyController, ISourceController
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  DragViewController</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td><a href="00cec5df-54d2-7835-269f-671eeca41575.md">IKeyController</a>, <a href="09cde3c5-52ea-13ad-d51d-70156012cee1.md">IMouseController</a>, <a href="4e1fc1a2-292c-ab43-8865-2e2d287bad43.md">ISourceController</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="2ea00170-3caf-a70c-ed48-d9b8e76c8026.md">DragViewController</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the DragViewController class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="648a04a5-72d3-b1e3-815f-690ad0f8ea61.md">AllowDragging</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if dragging is allowed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d49f17f4-c220-ec4f-213a-4e633ea249b4.md">Captured</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if mouse input is being captured.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1aa630cb-17e0-0b85-17ed-a89e2e13a83f.md">IgnoreVisualFormLeftButtonDown</a></td>
<td>Should the left mouse down be ignored when present on a visual form border area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="53e3c587-204b-9297-5107-8c9f6ad083d0.md">MousePoint</a></td>
<td>Gets the current tracking mouse point.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d2ccd334-2fe5-709a-61cd-c556dc55d484.md">Target</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the associated target of the controller.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9ffc3363-7569-2c8b-c795-f27fffde6388.md">DoubleClick</a></td>
<td>Left mouse button double click.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d37dfed6-5a0f-434d-8444-309064aabacb.md">GotFocus</a></td>
<td>Source control has lost the focus.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f4ebcac0-61d3-65ba-16b2-e1ef8d7a8663.md">KeyDown</a></td>
<td>Key has been pressed down.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="724c4c8e-a3cf-64d5-db63-75ed3a7a5795.md">KeyPress</a></td>
<td>Key has been pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="50613073-5f86-437c-206c-18a714852dd2.md">KeyUp</a></td>
<td>Key has been released.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19a30e8f-d05d-bdc8-19bb-3db8055c33c1.md">LostFocus</a></td>
<td>Source control has lost the focus.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b3b5917e-5dfa-b64a-df79-ea4da9fec49d.md">MouseDown</a></td>
<td>Mouse button has been pressed in the view.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a936e07e-b578-145a-979d-50c2df776236.md">MouseEnter</a></td>
<td>Mouse has entered the view.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71244bdf-c81f-fe35-24a7-a3a26f1cae39.md">MouseLeave</a></td>
<td>Mouse has left the view.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="770458d3-90c8-be48-7bef-b266b45c7bfd.md">MouseMove</a></td>
<td>Mouse has moved inside the view.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="85f24c17-cbe4-dbfe-13cd-f0114486a724.md">MouseUp</a></td>
<td>Mouse button has been released in the view.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="789b569f-96e1-7a01-e4ab-fe4cb7602db0.md">OnDragEnd</a></td>
<td>Raises the DragEnd event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8f14f290-b44e-9884-b618-dbf3bd9b2fa4.md">OnDragMove</a></td>
<td>Raises the DragMove event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="992070d4-8563-9304-80e2-9f5d31aab150.md">OnDragQuit</a></td>
<td>Raises the DragQuit event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2d106067-e28c-f9ed-4119-f466f55ef2fe.md">OnDragStart</a></td>
<td>Raises the DragStart event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d38f0f1f-b4b9-2a50-478b-2354613ed107.md">OnLeftDoubleClick</a></td>
<td>Raises the LeftDoubleClick event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ea69d68f-7d8a-0218-9d07-83ae8a669fe3.md">OnLeftMouseDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the LeftMouseDown event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6c5ea5b5-4a3e-9cb4-51aa-50b51d601c57.md">OnRightMouseDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the RightMouseDown event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="97c58e67-794b-87b7-b52b-90648c36e962.md">DragEnd</a></td>
<td>Occurs when drag ends.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="508b296d-aeab-f412-67f5-3251c23dbf43.md">DragMove</a></td>
<td>Occurs when drag moves.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e36efdca-36ff-67b2-0b5f-c8372d70adda.md">DragQuit</a></td>
<td>Occurs when drag quits.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8b0b6031-09a7-4a53-efac-7107e5e1f1f2.md">DragStart</a></td>
<td>Occurs when start of drag operation occurs.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f88d50c7-b57b-9e61-fe5f-a6bd6affc21b.md">LeftDoubleClick</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the left mouse double click.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="069617a5-32f3-a41d-e601-50b459a5801f.md">LeftMouseDown</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the left mouse button is pressed down.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5bdfab64-c96c-9b2d-442a-42bbe6c3db79.md">RightMouseDown</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the right mouse button is pressed down.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
