# GridRowGlyph Class


Specifies the grid row glyph.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public sealed class GridRowGlyph : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public NotInheritable Class GridRowGlyph
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  GridRowGlyph</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="b9185311-9cc3-6a5e-b486-46a36004b148.md">Arrow</a></td>
<td>Specifies an arrow for the current row.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5c488711-680d-fb98-4c50-333e759589ca.md">ArrowStar</a></td>
<td>Specifies a star and arrow for a dirty current row.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="36474d11-009c-33bd-f19a-d6d4ad07572a.md">None</a></td>
<td>Specifies no glyph for the row.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="133f9746-cb30-d66a-375c-3f785c54528d.md">Pencil</a></td>
<td>Specifies a pencil for the line being edited.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7e78fc6f-9b36-5d2e-beb0-1a687c68fba3.md">Star</a></td>
<td>Specifies a star for showing a dirty row.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dbdf3120-c165-2d19-470b-b0ac0bddc627.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
