# KryptonRibbon Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="02841d06-cb48-54f7-14e4-92a28f65ba42.md">AllowButtonSpecToolTipPriority</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if button spec tooltips should remove the parent tooltip.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="83abb3f4-ca11-801c-fdfb-2bdfe37c382f.md">AllowButtonSpecToolTips</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if tooltips should be Displayed for button specs.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can accept data that the user drags onto it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5c61bf77-8e65-f6f5-e20a-c137653de486.md">AllowFormIntegrate</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ee482cec-493e-8da0-0369-4a27f1d263fe.md">AllowMinimizedChange</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets if the user is allowed to change the minimized mode.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="15963746-167a-7d61-ddd9-feb2708bece8.md">BackColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background color for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="04aea68c-5407-e412-8834-97d772d0b25f.md">VisualSimple</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1cb9b3f1-d625-1f75-6f48-9cd33918e4c4.md">BackgroundImage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fbcec284-5d61-c094-4119-30a008179f8c.md">BackgroundImageLayout</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image layout.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7576d7e3-4a89-fe1d-35ef-461a188fdad9.md">ButtonSpecs</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of button specifications.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3bea5552-56ae-9b00-6939-3d7611b7a085.md">Controls</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateParams</td>
<td>Gets the required creation parameters when the control handle is created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultSize</td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the display area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f77f144-461b-e0c7-d404-e98cb632abe2.md">EvalInvokePaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to use Invoke to force a repaint.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focused</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5695830d-2e32-50c7-4a20-f6d854b3d185.md">Font</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the font of the text displayed by the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="04aea68c-5407-e412-8834-97d772d0b25f.md">VisualSimple</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a7742868-e8c2-8bd1-969d-0c70750e3fb7.md">ForeColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the foreground color for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="04aea68c-5407-e412-8834-97d772d0b25f.md">VisualSimple</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="28fb59a1-2be2-3a9a-ba31-b123928bda3c.md">HideRibbonSize</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the vertical and horizontal minimum sizes at which the ribbon hides itself.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3f03fa2d-4954-0330-26f9-3cc82ed1f693.md">KeyboardMode</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if currently in keyboard mode.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19e559e5-49d6-6837-1d3e-bd30310c9e4b.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the KryptonContextMenu to show when right clicked.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d06b9ad4-6603-4150-ab09-211f66902cf8.md">MinimizedMode</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if the ribbon is in minimized mode.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e8e19cb-0b87-5a93-8dae-ba685ab768d3.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd0acfd2-24e3-79cc-4d0e-393dc3db77cf.md">NeedPaintPaletteDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint palette delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76de231e-1e7e-f794-8483-ddea441042ee.md">NeedTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if transparent paint is needed<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets padding within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0cd21a8-cecb-c891-532e-34ba62c82f21.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41c3411b-ffb0-095e-47b4-fc6ce7c5db17.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="26b78bcd-5809-fbfa-0ee1-a52eb1d0afe5.md">QATButtons</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of ribbon quick access toolbar buttons.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="77b70d5d-a05f-150a-0d24-3859f5e77d74.md">QATLocation</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the display method for the quick access toolbar.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e8c3ab84-3eca-dffe-7304-222f134c7c74.md">QATUserChange</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if user is allowed to change the QAT entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="177219af-8f43-9c87-623d-ff4ae2155849.md">Redirector</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the palette redirector.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81eeb3c2-d939-1525-0987-b9cd7d94af7d.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2123f7e8-8089-b6f6-90b8-d1461740895b.md">RibbonAppButton</a></td>
<td>Gets the set of ribbon application button display strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f43afb41-c89f-f3a8-9edb-70d13347a5c0.md">RibbonContexts</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of ribbon context definitions.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c7468196-14e8-57fa-0cef-b02e8e0852eb.md">RibbonShortcuts</a></td>
<td>Gets the set of ribbon shortcuts.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8502360c-7cb8-8145-8816-54561f2f7c19.md">RibbonStrings</a></td>
<td>Gets the set of ribbon display strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="793f6ddb-9efa-1fc9-c2d5-bbe565001730.md">RibbonStyles</a></td>
<td>Gets the styles for various ribbon elements.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ecd5cf5c-f3b8-8730-4a20-eb80b19412a5.md">RibbonTabs</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of ribbon tabs.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9d36da40-b993-9749-063b-2c81152acedc.md">SelectedContext</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the common separated list of selected context names.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7513c7f4-2ff8-5239-aa39-12ae02679867.md">SelectedTab</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the currently selected tab.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2069d2b8-e742-3491-0adc-d79665f8fed4.md">ShowMinimizeButton</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if a minimize/expand button appears on the ribbon tab ara.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="577c83da-afa1-2949-694e-d0be60caff42.md">StateCheckedNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the tracking checked normal appearance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d4dcacb1-5427-cbbe-c37a-3c5cbbae2254.md">StateCheckedTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the tracking checked tracking appearance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c4129aae-559f-bab9-04ba-46b80ff3f26b.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common ribbon appearance that other states can override.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="072fbaae-c3b3-7e74-d896-e8cbd4209e1e.md">StateContextCheckedNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the checked context normal appearance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c0c2087e-e3e1-08bb-b8b2-9bf77ddec761.md">StateContextCheckedTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the checked context tracking appearance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f4b9f9fb-67ef-046a-ac96-7cf173004af0.md">StateContextNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the context normal appearance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7c57fdb3-8bc7-81ea-932e-a29505d2b59f.md">StateContextTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the context tracking appearance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="015c7492-6da9-79a1-8572-add066d7fbbb.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled ribbon appearance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d8f7d353-5e46-2dd5-ba77-f52a079716b4.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal ribbon appearance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="538c9fdc-56ed-fb5b-bc49-2fd54f3ec4b2.md">StatePressed</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the pressed ribbon appearance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="244119ce-c8cf-58eb-3818-2a907a553e3d.md">StateTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the tracking ribbon appearance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can give the focus to this control using the TAB key.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41de8794-7000-8aac-0731-b8198023cbb2.md">ToolTipManager</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ToolTipManager used for displaying tool tips.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7bc15b0f-7b9c-1821-d705-0229ee9c0438.md">ToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the button content.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f51f7937-adcf-25ad-781c-3ae22623fe0d.md">TransparentParent</a></td>
<td>Gets the control reference that is the parent for transparent drawing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="208400ac-72b3-453b-6730-d74762316d42.md">KryptonRibbon Class</a>  
<a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon Namespace</a>  
