# PaletteRibbonTabContentInheritOverride Class


Inherit properties from primary source in preference to the backup source.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Navigator (in Krypton.Navigator.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class PaletteRibbonTabContentInheritOverride : PaletteRibbonDoubleInherit, 
	IPaletteContent
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class PaletteRibbonTabContentInheritOverride
	Inherits PaletteRibbonDoubleInherit
	Implements IPaletteContent
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="5083d671-54f6-4535-507b-27d820678edf.md">PaletteRibbonDoubleInherit</a>  →  PaletteRibbonTabContentInheritOverride</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td><a href="f2a5541d-c7c1-2c4b-162d-a4616ecccc95.md">IPaletteContent</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="1b7cb9ce-0e22-fa9b-0683-8e3981f453a1.md">PaletteRibbonTabContentInheritOverride</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the PaletteRibbonTabContentInheritOverride class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="45fbb960-6826-2532-af7b-8041ad52c4d2.md">Apply</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if override should be applied.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="15b313b7-451b-adb1-75a1-95d083969893.md">Override</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if override state should be applied.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f261e36d-d6e4-47d3-edc4-683dc8f956d4.md">OverrideState</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the override palette state to use.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="26c96eeb-4d26-dafd-e246-83f4642f61cd.md">GetContentAdjacentGap</a></td>
<td>Gets the padding between adjacent content items.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d337c6fc-64ee-a16b-9e1a-f8b35c637388.md">GetContentDraw</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if content should be drawn.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f57f7306-3f6c-ae85-4d02-fbc8512578a2.md">GetContentDrawFocus</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if content should be drawn with focus indication.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e11a8c6b-84cf-e47a-8231-848b536c9947.md">GetContentImageColorMap</a></td>
<td>Gets the image color to remap into another color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6c3ceedf-7397-bfeb-00d0-3172a8aa8ab1.md">GetContentImageColorTo</a></td>
<td>Gets the color to use in place of the image map color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3ce9bfa2-9abe-7542-d8e0-8abc0b6392be.md">GetContentImageEffect</a></td>
<td>Gets the effect applied to drawing of the image.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5339ba07-4315-ba62-0ccf-68e2ebec23a1.md">GetContentImageH</a></td>
<td>Gets the horizontal relative alignment of the image.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0a4983e8-c02a-2def-029f-3f721076e139.md">GetContentImageV</a></td>
<td>Gets the vertical relative alignment of the image.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e2537604-dabf-d8db-1b5c-f75baaa53a13.md">GetContentLongTextColor1</a></td>
<td>Gets the first back color for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7ba8ed35-9363-41f2-bd16-b4faf279bba1.md">GetContentLongTextColor2</a></td>
<td>Gets the second back color for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4777948f-2daa-46fb-1c16-082326d12ef1.md">GetContentLongTextColorAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the color alignment for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5276dae2-52eb-27c1-244d-fefb14e73b4d.md">GetContentLongTextColorAngle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color background angle for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="32493e56-5560-a721-3741-1ffc75db39c1.md">GetContentLongTextColorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color drawing style for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e8b3f343-a830-9170-c621-ed8bd285a393.md">GetContentLongTextFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cd01efd2-e22b-6b78-65a6-b69b02b5c850.md">GetContentLongTextH</a></td>
<td>Gets the horizontal relative alignment of the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d5ca73be-f5c1-155c-f63b-2d24ce095cf8.md">GetContentLongTextHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the rendering hint for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ce1bed05-70d6-53ef-0de1-bce61ff99298.md">GetContentLongTextImage</a></td>
<td>Gets a background image for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d3f7748d-e33c-c8a0-acdd-d98d1b92e016.md">GetContentLongTextImageAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the image alignment for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="382998f2-06ab-682d-d243-cf5b5fbaeeb7.md">GetContentLongTextImageStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background image style for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7c778c5b-9dda-ff2a-3060-ce8c9cbe2e84.md">GetContentLongTextMultiLine</a></td>
<td>Gets the flag indicating if multiline text is allowed for long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4ab9fbe8-2469-5fc1-0d7c-ef43c25032a7.md">GetContentLongTextMultiLineH</a></td>
<td>Gets the vertical relative alignment of the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f3c5474a-ea69-703f-e7cb-cf9dbe0f3bbd.md">GetContentLongTextNewFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the long text by generating a new font instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bbfa0aa9-f4ce-bcc1-f6d8-00fcfb08479f.md">GetContentLongTextPrefix</a></td>
<td>Gets the prefix drawing setting for long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c0829646-6f2c-03db-9161-dfdbfff77ee1.md">GetContentLongTextTrim</a></td>
<td>Gets the text trimming to use for long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f9ff83c9-6566-62af-f7ff-87654f0dff33.md">GetContentLongTextV</a></td>
<td>Gets the vertical relative alignment of the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6710afda-3a73-c87d-cc4a-bf0994acc568.md">GetContentPadding</a></td>
<td>Gets the padding between the border and content drawing.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1b2e5638-9cfd-8d7b-b197-838b88631a07.md">GetContentShortTextColor1</a></td>
<td>Gets the first back color for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2b8df3f0-14c5-af6b-e131-273e447f68df.md">GetContentShortTextColor2</a></td>
<td>Gets the second back color for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ce7c6a08-adc2-3fda-3ab0-eddf5aa5c57c.md">GetContentShortTextColorAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the color alignment for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ec5cd8b5-0d42-551c-812e-016af82ad393.md">GetContentShortTextColorAngle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color background angle for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ab7072c5-659e-8389-792b-46a2e60eae77.md">GetContentShortTextColorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color drawing style for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6f043b5b-25f5-ef68-bccd-acec760d9c22.md">GetContentShortTextFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a9d73aca-f59e-d464-d6fd-0b03b2c827db.md">GetContentShortTextH</a></td>
<td>Gets the horizontal relative alignment of the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="583a3d21-167d-c4e3-d053-c82fe1f9ed36.md">GetContentShortTextHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the rendering hint for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="264226aa-e287-606c-6150-b1bd9b0a2710.md">GetContentShortTextImage</a></td>
<td>Gets a background image for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="395c14d1-5829-89be-6806-d9caea62116f.md">GetContentShortTextImageAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the image alignment for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ece67aca-3c0d-f7c9-49ec-3265efc00d07.md">GetContentShortTextImageStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background image style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e02c6ffc-656b-dc59-5a08-bcf20911eb3c.md">GetContentShortTextMultiLine</a></td>
<td>Gets the flag indicating if multiline text is allowed for short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="73c46afc-4a44-d631-2078-53eadbdfad0e.md">GetContentShortTextMultiLineH</a></td>
<td>Gets the vertical relative alignment of the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="88c93824-8af1-6b11-c09a-fac0ae797775.md">GetContentShortTextNewFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the short text by generating a new font instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8b99aa9c-a430-b219-9d8b-db4a295e4ed6.md">GetContentShortTextPrefix</a></td>
<td>Gets the prefix drawing setting for short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="285d599a-9361-1878-6655-4f0c8f5c9247.md">GetContentShortTextTrim</a></td>
<td>Gets the text trimming to use for short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="324fb2be-15db-8dab-7e01-1ddb01d28b87.md">GetContentShortTextV</a></td>
<td>Gets the vertical relative alignment of the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="33a4145e-bf42-bae5-bcfd-c5f5a529c44a.md">GetContentStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the style appropriate for this content.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="834c0554-2978-3adb-0b0c-4b21ec0622cb.md">GetRibbonBackColor1</a></td>
<td>Gets the first background color for the ribbon item.<br />(Overrides <a href="ec3634b0-65cd-f2b4-a6dc-388ccc622714.md">PaletteRibbonDoubleInherit.GetRibbonBackColor1(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="60c93935-6e62-ade9-e8fe-936dcd045edf.md">GetRibbonBackColor2</a></td>
<td>Gets the second background color for the ribbon item.<br />(Overrides <a href="5517b711-33ab-5369-87d5-9c8d77b1759e.md">PaletteRibbonDoubleInherit.GetRibbonBackColor2(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f43c72a5-9774-4523-048d-4b1ecd4059a3.md">GetRibbonBackColor3</a></td>
<td>Gets the third background color for the ribbon item.<br />(Overrides <a href="a28cf9c3-f2ea-e82d-7af1-7cbb481c5879.md">PaletteRibbonDoubleInherit.GetRibbonBackColor3(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9230d13a-a2a4-fac2-b815-3e6d5e4f064e.md">GetRibbonBackColor4</a></td>
<td>Gets the fourth background color for the ribbon item.<br />(Overrides <a href="4e5c95a3-0544-14a0-205a-e4f21ded70fa.md">PaletteRibbonDoubleInherit.GetRibbonBackColor4(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c4658c57-5939-2586-91fc-1d5e3f0f7f12.md">GetRibbonBackColor5</a></td>
<td>Gets the fifth background color for the ribbon item.<br />(Overrides <a href="a8920e55-1dc7-e1c2-c585-895e566ff42a.md">PaletteRibbonDoubleInherit.GetRibbonBackColor5(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="59020917-9910-1716-3a03-e0d3a3692481.md">GetRibbonBackColorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the method used to draw the background of a ribbon item.<br />(Overrides <a href="0c745c80-0964-835f-9a3a-da75072e6df6.md">PaletteRibbonDoubleInherit.GetRibbonBackColorStyle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b88c1a61-f2ca-18bc-9171-8f6b794a444d.md">GetRibbonTextColor</a></td>
<td>Gets the tab color for the item text.<br />(Overrides <a href="c7167f07-d7c1-b108-1a7c-b478507449aa.md">PaletteRibbonDoubleInherit.GetRibbonTextColor(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
