# VisualBlur Class


Creates the blur effect for windows.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class VisualBlur : NativeWindow, IDisposable
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class VisualBlur
	Inherits NativeWindow
	Implements IDisposable
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  NativeWindow  →  VisualBlur</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td>IDisposable</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="9dddc13c-6c82-fbcb-49ee-bf60a05526bb.md">VisualBlur</a></td>
<td>Create a shadow thingy</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="65f1b260-4d0b-fa06-d58c-9840bb00178e.md">GaussianBlur3X3</a></td>
<td>GAUSSIAN BLUR 3X3</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1a690e0d-7b07-fc19-3cd5-7d1dda72a2e6.md">GaussianBlur5X5</a></td>
<td>GAUSSIAN BLUR 5X5</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the handle for this window.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b0dd7bb8-8ec7-28d9-99c0-ec8153fc1634.md">Mean3X3</a></td>
<td>MEAN 3X3</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8b7eed0d-9df0-6147-d770-b853e6f96ef4.md">Mean5X5</a></td>
<td>MEAN 5X5</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="73ae8e69-0b0d-755c-1203-0a19ff6e8e07.md">Mean9X9</a></td>
<td>MEAN 9X9</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a51261c8-772b-dae8-5c8e-51c76d84f208.md">TargetRect</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd47d07d-4b8a-d130-255c-c286f816a4d1.md">Visible</a></td>
<td>Show the window without activating it (i.e. do not take focus)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>AssignHandle</td>
<td>Assigns a handle to this window.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateHandle</td>
<td>Creates a window and its handle with the specified creation parameters.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefWndProc</td>
<td>Invokes the default window procedure associated with this window.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DestroyHandle</td>
<td>Destroys the window and its handle.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="54f50186-3764-2794-3aab-f48430bf7771.md">Dispose</a></td>
<td>Make sure the resources are disposed of gracefully.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases the resources associated with this window.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleChange</td>
<td>Specifies a notification method that is called when the handle for a window is changed.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnThreadException</td>
<td>When overridden in a derived class, manages an unhandled thread exception.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ReleaseHandle</td>
<td>Releases the handle associated with this window.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="56fa3bf1-59a7-8a58-e8ec-6974d89541c7.md">SetTargetRect</a></td>
<td>Calculate the new position, but DO NOT Move</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="11191c14-8e8a-ce27-1492-49a91dd39bc1.md">UpdateBlur</a></td>
<td>Updates the blur.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>WndProc</td>
<td>Invokes the default window procedure associated with this window.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="e21345a2-4d37-a659-bb1e-dc68b69bf21e.md">KernelGaussianBlur3x3</a></td>
<td>Gaussian blur kernel with the size 3x3</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b1c73249-f35b-a57d-778e-efcd22cc870e.md">KernelGaussianBlur5x5</a></td>
<td>Gaussian blur kernel with the size 5x5</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
NativeWindow  
IDisposable  
