# PageDragEventArgs Class


Details for an event that provides pages associated with a page dragging event.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Navigator (in Krypton.Navigator.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class PageDragEventArgs : EventArgs
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class PageDragEventArgs
	Inherits EventArgs
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  EventArgs  →  PageDragEventArgs</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="3d3a0096-a640-1613-c130-6a959b5ec35e.md">PageDragEventArgs(Point, KryptonPage[])</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonPageDragEventArgs class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="77856f66-b416-11de-2e19-4b4701bd9c0a.md">PageDragEventArgs(Point, KryptonPageCollection)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonPageDragEventArgs class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="8c37b0cb-0040-7f16-a9a6-72b2205c036e.md">Pages</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the collection of pages.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="56c5833b-990d-bdb4-bff7-fe2ac1ab560d.md">ScreenPoint</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the associated screen point.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
