# ContextMenuArgs Class


Details for context menu related events.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class ContextMenuArgs : CancelEventArgs
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class ContextMenuArgs
	Inherits CancelEventArgs
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  EventArgs  →  CancelEventArgs  →  ContextMenuArgs</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Derived</strong></td><td><a href="7d5da66a-3b82-6136-662c-e32ff162d799.md">Krypton.Toolkit.ContextPositionMenuArgs</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="365829ff-bd96-6372-bda8-30a6f37984e0.md">ContextMenuArgs()</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the ContextMenuArgs class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3a79fe42-4ae4-c5b7-af03-fc452b2ce8e5.md">ContextMenuArgs(ContextMenuStrip)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the ContextMenuArgs class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ae0c4de3-7c34-131c-3961-851e9802c161.md">ContextMenuArgs(KryptonContextMenu)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the ContextMenuArgs class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5cba9893-c5ac-bea7-df26-ee3d2f0568c1.md">ContextMenuArgs(ContextMenuStrip, KryptonContextMenu)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the ContextMenuArgs class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>Cancel</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the event should be canceled.<br />(Inherited from CancelEventArgs)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="32390fde-7083-3dd2-6494-32fd8adbd99e.md">ContextMenuStrip</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the context menu strip instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cd9b5ec2-123d-7037-14a9-c169a87a51e1.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the KryptonContextMenu instance.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
