# KryptonColorTableVisualStudio Class


Provide KryptonColorTableVisualStudio values using an array of Color values as the source.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonColorTableVisualStudio : KryptonColorTable
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonColorTableVisualStudio
	Inherits KryptonColorTable
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ProfessionalColorTable  →  <a href="dea02866-c4bb-a4a9-94c0-3c39ed614761.md">KryptonColorTable</a>  →  KryptonColorTableVisualStudio</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="f612d8bf-e801-cb90-29d1-fb0d34e8a055.md">KryptonColorTableVisualStudio</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonColorTable2010 class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="571b3bd9-eda3-9bea-d5f6-73b0a64697d5.md">ButtonCheckedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the background starting color for a checked button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fe8e6bd1-f6c6-2e6e-d4fc-497ff9ea5962.md">ButtonCheckedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the background ending color for a checked button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8ce6ddd2-fb72-2383-7573-80c76db91add.md">ButtonCheckedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background middle color for a checked button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71b30735-38ee-cb8e-658c-7d24a0a3e4d8.md">ButtonCheckedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight background for a checked button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedHighlight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f7add32-381c-b0d3-ff59-3649e47e52bd.md">ButtonCheckedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight border for a checked button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedHighlightBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2c02b87c-e57c-317a-6e3c-976080e0448c.md">ButtonPressedBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color for a button being pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a83200f5-bf6f-0e78-bea1-cf9480482d5a.md">ButtonPressedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the background starting color for a button being pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="62dcd430-05a5-ad93-7bc3-be066d3ccda1.md">ButtonPressedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the background ending color for a button being pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8e1037a-0af8-5d61-c817-3122c66c03d8.md">ButtonPressedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background middle color for a button being pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="60d002e3-4cfd-e609-12b5-58b5d4e38273.md">ButtonPressedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight background for a pressed button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedHighlight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="14e4ee12-4199-531b-0d48-e1a7073ebcfd.md">ButtonPressedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight border for a pressed button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedHighlightBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="34179147-8834-14aa-02b6-581a8a489805.md">ButtonSelectedBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color for a button being selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2fc8c230-46ca-0d7b-d531-971b23c98af3.md">ButtonSelectedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the background starting color for a button being selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="afbba785-2be4-7e12-d40e-e28cf0f96ddc.md">ButtonSelectedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the background ending color for a button being selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="be6c915c-d681-5492-6437-3d67c8ab8025.md">ButtonSelectedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background middle color for a button being selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="13ea1c30-8b84-bc0d-f632-e5b1c57dedf1.md">ButtonSelectedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight background for a selected button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedHighlight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="048e4d47-62a3-9e3b-055d-c8b79e9c2f3d.md">ButtonSelectedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight border for a selected button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedHighlightBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bd774b61-416b-2dcd-d656-9cb30cce26b0.md">CheckBackground</a></td>
<td>Get background of the check mark area.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.CheckBackground)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="86074b77-9396-734a-7384-11e1cc349e88.md">CheckPressedBackground</a></td>
<td>Get background of a pressed check mark area.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.CheckPressedBackground)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c8acec0f-5ff4-af0e-0167-4627986cca42.md">CheckSelectedBackground</a></td>
<td>Get background of a selected check mark area.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.CheckSelectedBackground)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="49bd5ced-9f66-3623-d2a4-757c398f9e82.md">Colors</a></td>
<td>Gets the raw set of colors.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d079de69-2652-867e-c643-0a289d218609.md">GripDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the dark color used to draw grips.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.GripDark)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="049255e8-eda0-bffc-e1a0-1d356a4ecff4.md">GripLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the light color used to draw grips.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.GripLight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="32854ffb-9c24-c181-9f91-ac6019ff0090.md">ImageMarginGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color for the context menu margin.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9f0b7b7b-1504-9e98-b9cb-a4dedc849f5e.md">ImageMarginGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the ending color for the context menu margin.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="08292e66-e14f-5b58-80ee-a6a7ac034345.md">ImageMarginGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color for the context menu margin.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9c51d45c-56e7-48ff-d1e6-f23e95c554f9.md">ImageMarginRevealedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color for the context menu margin revealed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginRevealedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f053792a-581b-13af-4190-1e6ebef4ef60.md">ImageMarginRevealedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the ending color for the context menu margin revealed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginRevealedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f2e075f8-798e-3057-ee0a-515b080dbc26.md">ImageMarginRevealedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color for the context menu margin revealed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginRevealedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="676d52bc-cd58-83ad-3f1e-4980d4529c18.md">MenuBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the color of the border around menus.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63aba987-a32e-2f73-31d5-ac25426799a7.md">MenuItemBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color for around the menu item.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1f168991-c707-5c05-9119-ec6dd312bfc9.md">MenuItemPressedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed down.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemPressedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="af8708d8-eb00-bdad-f0c0-a503fc710463.md">MenuItemPressedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed down.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemPressedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e91cf6d8-9954-a9ed-be34-9fdeb7a52525.md">MenuItemPressedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed down.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemPressedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f4188e50-80d8-4bb2-c670-fd1c20c2512b.md">MenuItemSelected</a></td>
<td>Gets the color of a selected menu item.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemSelected)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0b82f598-e0c1-f9c1-342a-110294bb3d61.md">MenuItemSelectedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used when the ToolStripMenuItem is selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemSelectedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f265ca8b-c113-6463-af35-9e96ac5d0397.md">MenuItemSelectedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used when the ToolStripMenuItem is selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemSelectedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aed7cbc8-0003-2038-a518-978275c56d68.md">MenuItemText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the menu items.<br />(Overrides <a href="bf5ef5b1-9be2-555a-03e6-f3a4f8cbfdcc.md">KryptonColorTable.MenuItemText</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="44726be7-83d9-1cba-9039-dcff314c1b74.md">MenuStripFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font used on the menu strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="b6ef872c-406f-7471-482e-2ec54dce7743.md">KryptonColorTable.MenuStripFont</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aaa27e82-50bc-b0ef-7d68-5df4c100084a.md">MenuStripGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the MenuStrip.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuStripGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d3c4d271-31b5-470c-fe4e-4e79bc35091b.md">MenuStripGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the MenuStrip.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuStripGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a696dd7f-67b5-cd86-4893-3f780c37da35.md">MenuStripText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the menu strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="a1a476de-b35c-977c-1f23-fef0e03abc48.md">KryptonColorTable.MenuStripText</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a2aeeb0e-3725-d865-e5ac-88689ae182c3.md">OverflowButtonGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.OverflowButtonGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cff55379-49fb-5b92-0042-54c49f450020.md">OverflowButtonGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.OverflowButtonGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9824bf7d-0100-af07-e4a8-1ab0733f489a.md">OverflowButtonGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.OverflowButtonGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5402a30e-107d-4479-d1f2-397262be6b24.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets the associated palette instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="dea02866-c4bb-a4a9-94c0-3c39ed614761.md">KryptonColorTable</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ae79cad4-fa75-020f-050b-e3528b703ffb.md">RaftingContainerGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripContainer.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.RaftingContainerGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="12fa93b9-1245-b36d-33df-131794b6f677.md">RaftingContainerGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripContainer.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.RaftingContainerGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d1fbf7b1-aa60-0171-4f33-37889eda6646.md">SeparatorDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the dark separator color.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.SeparatorDark)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fb192bec-c994-f515-50da-000dbced9606.md">SeparatorLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the light separator color.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.SeparatorLight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StatusStripBorder</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ef6c4f46-93d1-937f-77af-3358613517ad.md">StatusStripFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font used on the status strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="9ebed260-f09c-e4cb-fe1f-c316142558e7.md">KryptonColorTable.StatusStripFont</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7b3855e9-fbb9-6a3a-888c-5a770c02455b.md">StatusStripGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color for the status strip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.StatusStripGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2f0b4a08-680c-0f94-8f35-43149be0b8eb.md">StatusStripGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the ending color for the status strip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.StatusStripGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6d19bec1-2eb0-4266-f8bb-1ad1405eef79.md">StatusStripText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the status strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="01632758-e1ce-3543-6a11-29f340b923e5.md">KryptonColorTable.StatusStripText</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="acdb6227-5dee-401c-12d0-47e35aeeb0af.md">ToolStripBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color to use on the bottom edge of the ToolStrip.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6a14edf8-afa0-56ec-3d85-7e58af6d7f53.md">ToolStripContentPanelGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color for the content panel background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripContentPanelGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c798eb36-6050-44a7-f2da-a4a6aeba6541.md">ToolStripContentPanelGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the ending color for the content panel background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripContentPanelGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7992a1ad-f7a0-6456-464b-d79a9815a54d.md">ToolStripDropDownBackground</a></td>
<td>Gets the background color for drop down menus.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripDropDownBackground)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="408f74bd-f004-209a-6428-2bdc2ebd035c.md">ToolStripFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font used on the tool strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="f4298298-46cc-e27b-a4cb-8add7f253083.md">KryptonColorTable.ToolStripFont</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e920b234-8dad-ca7c-2557-f2bdc9309635.md">ToolStripGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="abd0db95-8058-7e5e-71c3-1ccd970323c9.md">ToolStripGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b39e2446-c5db-55c5-c64b-c60110c7a4ba.md">ToolStripGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2ff92716-a330-24b3-d0e9-8863081ec686.md">ToolStripPanelGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripPanel.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripPanelGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1e603506-caa8-ba5a-29d1-91dc857cf798.md">ToolStripPanelGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripPanel.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripPanelGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8bdebfd6-0e27-daf6-be6a-0195bc27f6f2.md">ToolStripText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the tool strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="79d91581-1635-df06-699e-90c821c48509.md">KryptonColorTable.ToolStripText</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="23706a17-4242-92a4-e00e-17ef5818c874.md">UseRoundedEdges</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if rounded egdes are required.<br />(Overrides <a href="16893f9b-41f9-0398-61d5-ab2e1a31331c.md">KryptonColorTable.UseRoundedEdges</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseSystemColors</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use SystemColors rather than colors that match the current visual style.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
<a href="dea02866-c4bb-a4a9-94c0-3c39ed614761.md">KryptonColorTable</a>  
