# PaletteModeStrings Class


Exposes the set of <a href="12a64f36-d523-3211-18ec-53478a86789b.md">PaletteModeConverter</a> strings used within Krypton and that are localizable.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
[TypeConverterAttribute(typeof(ExpandableObjectConverter))]
public class PaletteModeStrings : GlobalId
```
**VB**
``` VB
<TypeConverterAttribute(GetType(ExpandableObjectConverter))>
Public Class PaletteModeStrings
	Inherits GlobalId
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  PaletteModeStrings</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="79393810-275c-c84c-b37b-c18c951ebeb5.md">PaletteModeStrings</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the PaletteModeStrings class</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="7e4a39b0-0a62-15ca-2662-3bab4fdf87c0.md">Custom</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4ea44deb-1203-80e1-c704-aa1096c5678e.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a1b07b5a-7fc7-8b97-a8c0-8e1fdd9a7617.md">Microsoft365Black</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Microsoft 365 Black palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="12fc8126-b64e-4ec7-8bd6-969d097d3b9a.md">Microsoft365BlackDarkMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Microsoft 365 Black (Dark Mode) palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8e4ff01c-0c08-ca1d-10c1-266ae1a87583.md">Microsoft365Blue</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Microsoft 365 Blue palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="60584469-60cd-010b-b60b-6f3e0b81470e.md">Microsoft365BlueDarkMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Microsoft 365 Blue (Dark Mode) palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d212bc18-3708-c588-9058-013c13e8b88c.md">Microsoft365BlueLightMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Microsoft 365 Blue (Light Mode) palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fb0bbcbd-e06c-91ad-0a12-287a2561cc18.md">Microsoft365DarkGray</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Microsoft 365 Dark Gray palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d2865524-0701-f0d0-5904-cb3b2d85d76c.md">Microsoft365LightGray</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Microsoft 365 Light Gray palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6580997b-8a91-688a-d41d-8db792aca12f.md">Microsoft365Silver</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Microsoft 365 Silver palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="026fcad7-0c21-98fa-f1f4-957c648ced95.md">Microsoft365SilverDarkMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Microsoft 365 Silver (Dark Mode) palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="22df10b4-bfda-f1c9-8df0-7e997f7f09c8.md">Microsoft365SilverLightMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Microsoft 365 Silver (Light Mode) palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aa43a5f6-82f1-1607-b48e-67694d456d1c.md">Microsoft365White</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Microsoft 365 White palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1af898f1-64ad-173c-e528-4981f4731bc9.md">Office2007Black</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Office 2007 Black palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9a65da39-4fa3-45de-dc85-670d1fc7831a.md">Office2007BlackDarkMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Office 2007 Black (Dark Mode) palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6e2a8d3f-e652-dd0a-898a-9df3e79a07be.md">Office2007Blue</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Office 2007 Blue palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fc2a3f6a-06c3-8e68-1121-4d5bd55e05b1.md">Office2007BlueDarkMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Office 2007 Blue (Dark Mode) palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="53256c62-b477-edeb-037f-8a17b7d16613.md">Office2007BlueLightMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Office 2007 Blue (Light Mode) palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="39d015b9-f225-1a89-28d4-dce8fe9fb736.md">Office2007DarkGray</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Office 2007 Dark Gray palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a95ee058-12ec-6cb0-2471-7f62b2794d0d.md">Office2007LightGray</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Office 2007 Light Gray palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a403acf1-3161-82a8-916f-8ba5ba58c4f9.md">Office2007Silver</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Office 2007 Silver palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1859de8c-74f2-70ed-6264-f39f71f23f45.md">Office2007SilverDarkMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Office 2007 Silver (Dark Mode) palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6e78eadc-7ad3-8868-43fa-edb821a3a995.md">Office2007SilverLightMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Office 2007 Silver (Light Mode) palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ff5cd1f1-04af-1e74-5141-df36ea6305cc.md">Office2007White</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Office 2007 White palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7e7c40bf-5e35-7598-6c0d-3b6119ffeb07.md">Office2010Black</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Office 2010 Black palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d57cfd5a-74e3-57d6-c747-f0ecf0cadbe5.md">Office2010BlackDarkMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Office 2010 Black (Dark Mode) palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5886a658-0235-149b-18f4-3b8fe78d08b4.md">Office2010Blue</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Office 2010 Blue palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="083c7cee-f213-dcf1-69ba-0fcdf930893a.md">Office2010BlueDarkMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Office 2010 Blue (Dark Mode) palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bbfe7ea4-8e22-f8a0-3a92-f0e7cdd4ee07.md">Office2010BlueLightMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Office 2010 Blue (Light Mode) palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3eaa29e4-86bd-6edc-3643-bb39b9ca619f.md">Office2010DarkGray</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Office 2010 Dark Gray palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e8eeba9f-86d0-6a6d-134d-221c8809f327.md">Office2010LightGray</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Office 2010 Light Gray palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c5e46919-1ee1-e6dc-4218-693a24b699ad.md">Office2010Silver</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Office 2010 Silver palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e3672c02-c681-a188-834c-896cfe1cf282.md">Office2010SilverDarkMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Office 2010 Silver (Dark Mode) palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4af9de17-8c05-f46b-6cfe-98015c83a9a5.md">Office2010SilverLightMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Office 2010 Silver (Light Mode) palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1809304a-25c8-1284-04f1-c6596e1755a9.md">Office2010White</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Office 2010 White palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="16c68ede-ea67-75b7-d58d-5a6c980a0c60.md">Office2013DarkGray</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Office 2013 Dark Gray palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="53369873-8da6-6c34-ace9-9f8540e19de4.md">Office2013LightGray</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Office 2013 Light Gray palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c219e53c-44d2-0ed9-6133-37c26b9a1884.md">Office2013White</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Office 2013 White palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd81c386-50e3-7193-0cfd-14cc83ff7ab2.md">Professional</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the professional palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="102492d0-6f49-4327-54e3-1acf64960c74.md">Professional2003</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Office 2003 palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5606d8b7-9891-3c5f-3e90-3831a5663879.md">SparkleBlue</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Sparkle Blue palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="711ec20f-f918-bc77-5515-00d151054b48.md">SparkleBlueDarkMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Sparkle Blue (Dark Mode) palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a09b6051-3fb1-d561-3b62-e206b272701c.md">SparkleBlueLightMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Sparkle Blue (Light Mode) palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4d5ed3ce-2fd2-4f0a-0476-0e7327b75cca.md">SparkleOrange</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Sparkle Orange palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="360cc55b-9092-c118-a696-26e7cf8e17a4.md">SparkleOrangeDarkMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Sparkle Orange (Dark Mode) palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5bb9f37f-cb40-124a-fa41-4a2ddd934e62.md">SparkleOrangeLightMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Sparkle Orange (Light Mode) palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="44d349c9-51f9-4f59-1e2a-4e043dc92a84.md">SparklePurple</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Sparkle Purple palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c82eff5f-9162-c619-ccc1-a1a7024080ed.md">SparklePurpleDarkMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Sparkle Purple (Dark Mode) palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="da9266a1-bb17-eede-9319-c50a2ad169a5.md">SparklePurpleLightMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Sparkle Purple (Light Mode) palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b601c9fc-9f95-b1ec-66f4-d193e9a69623.md">SupportedInternalThemeNames</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d61e1f67-00cd-3475-04dd-d685b801cc5d.md">SupportedThemesMap</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="177513d8-3338-b5e0-a217-4f054a297609.md">VisualStudio2010With2007Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Visual Studio 2010 with 2007 renderer palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5e1b0922-ad33-8a3a-7d42-2f4ce3cebb14.md">VisualStudio2010With2010Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Visual Studio 2010 with 2010 renderer palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4413dbc2-8ae9-c3c4-a388-cad21474ddbf.md">VisualStudio2010With2013Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Visual Studio 2010 with 2013 renderer palette name string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0ddaa8ac-e5b8-3ef1-bc79-d5e43f9ad7dc.md">VisualStudio2010With365Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Visual Studio 2010 with 365 renderer palette name string.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5305e2af-1967-8149-a9c9-07077801a3af.md">Reset</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="20c5fa93-f10e-2c04-75fd-d509fae8d307.md">ToString</a></td>
<td><br />(Overrides Object.ToString())</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
