# KryptonCheckedListBox.ObjectCollection Class


Represents the collection of items in a CheckedListBox.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class ObjectCollection : ListBox.ObjectCollection
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class ObjectCollection
	Inherits ListBox.ObjectCollection
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ListBox.ObjectCollection  →  KryptonCheckedListBox.ObjectCollection</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="376d3ace-c68b-5abd-a668-b94ac9a8b71f.md">KryptonCheckedListBox.ObjectCollection</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the ObjectCollection class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>Count</td>
<td>Gets the number of items in the collection.<br />(Inherited from ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsReadOnly</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the collection is read-only.<br />(Inherited from ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Item</td>
<td>Gets or sets the item at the specified index within the collection.<br />(Inherited from ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Add(Object)</td>
<td>Adds an item to the list of items for a ListBox.<br />(Inherited from ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6bbc2772-460f-48ac-eaa7-6820ab04356a.md">Add(Object, Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Adds an item to the list of items for a CheckedListBox, specifying the object to add and whether it is checked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="958eb85f-6543-ae2a-1627-2b68af5d598e.md">Add(Object, CheckState)</a></td>
<td>Adds an item to the list of items for a CheckedListBox, specifying the object to add and the initial checked value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AddRange(Object[])</td>
<td>Adds an array of items to the list of items for a ListBox.<br />(Inherited from ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AddRange(ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td>
<td>Adds the items of an existing ListBox.ObjectCollection to the list of items in a ListBox.<br />(Inherited from ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Clear</td>
<td>Removes all items from the collection.<br />(Inherited from ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Contains</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified item is located within the collection.<br />(Inherited from ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CopyTo</td>
<td>Copies the entire collection into an existing array of objects at a specified location within the array.<br />(Inherited from ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetEnumerator</td>
<td>Returns an enumerator to use to iterate through the item collection.<br />(Inherited from ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IndexOf</td>
<td>Returns the index within the collection of the specified item.<br />(Inherited from ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Insert</td>
<td>Inserts an item into the list box at the specified index.<br />(Inherited from ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Remove</td>
<td>Removes the specified object from the collection.<br />(Inherited from ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RemoveAt</td>
<td>Removes the item at the specified index within the collection.<br />(Inherited from ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
