# KryptonRibbonGroup Class


Represents a single ribbon group.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Ribbon (in Krypton.Ribbon.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonRibbonGroup : Component
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonRibbonGroup
	Inherits Component
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  KryptonRibbonGroup</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="90768db0-33b7-f783-dbf9-c08d4d6ef0b9.md">KryptonRibbonGroup</a></td>
<td>Initialise a new instance of the KryptonRibbonTab class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="7442e10d-ee14-1991-9d05-f7a93ae6a499.md">AllowCollapsed</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if the ribbon group is allowed to be collapsed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the component can raise an event.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a967fb06-4d6b-5d18-5123-524d1e471576.md">DialogBoxLauncher</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the display of a dialog box launcher button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="da375711-97fe-1795-a049-ba0a628aef81.md">Image</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ribbon group image when collapsed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d830f0af-2569-7f9a-5cf6-7c611a88c055.md">Items</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of ribbon group items.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f9e8d925-d6c9-156c-a2f9-997c9b415238.md">KeyTipDialogLauncher</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the key tip used for group dialog box launcher.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="330abf54-93a9-d622-32a6-cf7559512d6b.md">KeyTipGroup</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the key tip used when group is collapsed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b4021757-13e1-321c-7208-ec107b2d2fca.md">MaximumWidth</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the maximum width allowed, with -1 removing this limitation</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dc8bd1b0-14b6-d044-57ab-7a0d2946fa71.md">MinimumWidth</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the minimum width allowed, with -1 removing this limitation</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ISite of the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="21b7631a-83f1-b0ec-4407-d7b9284bf841.md">Tag</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets user-defined data associated with the object.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b0997b00-a345-b577-d312-be993faf6480.md">TextLine1</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the display text line 1 for the ribbon group.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="59f09770-0e52-7b33-a89f-1e71624ec772.md">TextLine2</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the display text line 2 for the ribbon group.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="00c549d7-60b7-6e90-e601-8b428de03c02.md">Visible</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the visible state of the ribbon group.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="49f90634-b45e-2a77-a78a-7fc9607dd6bc.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Clean up any resources being used.<br />(Overrides Component.Dispose(Boolean))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cd6990c7-831d-680c-b67c-5cbc47b6da5c.md">Hide</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon group hidden.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="96e40329-f6f9-06e3-95f3-821f009d8d71.md">OnDialogBoxLauncherClick</a></td>
<td>Raises the DialogBoxLauncherClick event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="614a30c0-417c-4c5a-356a-51e82145182b.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1e36163b-e69b-a8bb-b647-bf5f31b2df9a.md">Show</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon group visible.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="ef99de5c-3173-bde5-b2b3-6b5f21e3c377.md">DialogBoxLauncherClick</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the dialog box launcher button is clicked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8fb6cdb9-ba6f-61b3-03d2-a1c1025e41e5.md">PropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs after the value of a property has changed.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon Namespace</a>  
