# KryptonDataGridView Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyClients(AccessibleEvents, Int32)</td>
<td>Notifies the accessibility client applications of the specified AccessibleEvents for the specified child control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyClients(AccessibleEvents, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Notifies the accessibility client applications of the specified AccessibleEvents for the specified child control .<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyCurrentCellChanged</td>
<td>Notifies the accessible client applications when a new cell becomes the current cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AdjustColumnHeaderBorderStyle</td>
<td>Adjusts the DataGridViewAdvancedBorderStyle for a column header cell of a DataGridView that is currently being painted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AreAllCellsSelected</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether all the DataGridView cells are currently selected.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeColumn(Int32)</td>
<td>Adjusts the width of the specified column to fit the contents of all its cells, including the header cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeColumn(Int32, DataGridViewAutoSizeColumnMode)</td>
<td>Adjusts the width of the specified column using the specified size mode.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeColumn(Int32, DataGridViewAutoSizeColumnMode, Boolean)</td>
<td>Adjusts the width of the specified column using the specified size mode, optionally calculating the width with the expectation that row heights will subsequently be adjusted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeColumnHeadersHeight()</td>
<td>Adjusts the height of the column headers to fit the contents of the largest column header.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeColumnHeadersHeight(Int32)</td>
<td>Adjusts the height of the column headers based on changes to the contents of the header in the specified column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeColumnHeadersHeight(Boolean, Boolean)</td>
<td>Adjusts the height of the column headers to fit their contents, optionally calculating the height with the expectation that the column and/or row header widths will subsequently be adjusted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeColumnHeadersHeight(Int32, Boolean, Boolean)</td>
<td>Adjusts the height of the column headers based on changes to the contents of the header in the specified column, optionally calculating the height with the expectation that the column and/or row header widths will subsequently be adjusted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeColumns()</td>
<td>Adjusts the width of all columns to fit the contents of all their cells, including the header cells.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeColumns(DataGridViewAutoSizeColumnsMode)</td>
<td>Adjusts the width of all columns using the specified size mode.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeColumns(DataGridViewAutoSizeColumnsMode, Boolean)</td>
<td>Adjusts the width of all columns using the specified size mode, optionally calculating the widths with the expectation that row heights will subsequently be adjusted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeRow(Int32)</td>
<td>Adjusts the height of the specified row to fit the contents of all its cells including the header cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeRow(Int32, DataGridViewAutoSizeRowMode)</td>
<td>Adjusts the height of the specified row using the specified size mode.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeRow(Int32, DataGridViewAutoSizeRowMode, Boolean)</td>
<td>Adjusts the height of the specified row using the specified size mode, optionally calculating the height with the expectation that column widths will subsequently be adjusted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeRowHeadersWidth(DataGridViewRowHeadersWidthSizeMode)</td>
<td>Adjusts the width of the row headers using the specified size mode.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeRowHeadersWidth(Int32, DataGridViewRowHeadersWidthSizeMode)</td>
<td>Adjusts the width of the row headers based on changes to the contents of the header in the specified row and using the specified size mode.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeRowHeadersWidth(DataGridViewRowHeadersWidthSizeMode, Boolean, Boolean)</td>
<td>Adjusts the width of the row headers using the specified size mode, optionally calculating the width with the expectation that the row and/or column header widths will subsequently be adjusted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeRowHeadersWidth(Int32, DataGridViewRowHeadersWidthSizeMode, Boolean, Boolean)</td>
<td>Adjusts the width of the row headers based on changes to the contents of the header in the specified row and using the specified size mode, optionally calculating the width with the expectation that the row and/or column header widths will subsequently be adjusted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeRows()</td>
<td>Adjusts the heights of all rows to fit the contents of all their cells, including the header cells.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeRows(DataGridViewAutoSizeRowsMode)</td>
<td>Adjusts the heights of the rows using the specified size mode value.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeRows(DataGridViewAutoSizeRowsMode, Boolean)</td>
<td>Adjusts the heights of all rows using the specified size mode, optionally calculating the heights with the expectation that column widths will subsequently be adjusted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeRows(Int32, Int32, DataGridViewAutoSizeRowMode, Boolean)</td>
<td>Adjusts the heights of the specified rows using the specified size mode, optionally calculating the heights with the expectation that column widths will subsequently be adjusted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginEdit</td>
<td>Puts the current cell in edit mode.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously with the specified arguments, on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BringToFront</td>
<td>Brings the control to the front of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CancelEdit</td>
<td>Cancels edit mode for the currently selected cell and discards any changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClearSelection()</td>
<td>Clears the current selection by unselecting all selected cells.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClearSelection(Int32, Int32, Boolean)</td>
<td>Cancels the selection of all currently selected cells except the one indicated, optionally ensuring that the indicated cell is selected.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CommitEdit</td>
<td>Commits changes in the current cell to the data cache without ending edit mode.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Contains</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating whether the specified control is a child of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63284be7-4b75-5560-8bae-c6817de2106e.md">ContextMenuClosed</a></td>
<td>Called when a context menu has just been closed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateAccessibilityInstance</td>
<td>Creates a new accessible object for the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateColumnsInstance</td>
<td>Creates and returns a new DataGridViewColumnCollection.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateControl</td>
<td>Forces the creation of the visible control, including the creation of the handle and any visible child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateControlsInstance</td>
<td>Creates and returns a new Control.ControlCollection that can be cast to type DataGridView.DataGridViewControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateGraphics</td>
<td>Creates the Graphics for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateHandle</td>
<td>Creates a handle for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateRowsInstance</td>
<td>Creates and returns a new DataGridViewRowCollection.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4d3e184b-b67c-d231-c593-b1a74084af8d.md">CreateToolStripRenderer</a></td>
<td>Create a tool strip renderer appropriate for the current renderer/palette pair.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefWndProc</td>
<td>Sends the specified message to the default window procedure.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DestroyHandle</td>
<td>Destroys the handle associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayedColumnCount</td>
<td>Returns the number of columns displayed to the user.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayedRowCount</td>
<td>Returns the number of rows displayed to the user.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="57ac962c-b8e7-ad2e-07ea-009c28464125.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Clean up any resources being used.<br />(Overrides DataGridView.Dispose(Boolean))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects)</td>
<td>Begins a drag-and-drop operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects, Bitmap, Point, Boolean)</td>
<td>Begins a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DrawToBitmap</td>
<td>Supports rendering to the specified bitmap.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EndEdit()</td>
<td>Commits and ends the edit operation on the current cell using the default error context.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EndEdit(DataGridViewDataErrorContexts)</td>
<td>Commits and ends the edit operation on the current cell using the specified error context.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EndInvoke</td>
<td>Retrieves the return value of the asynchronous operation represented by the IAsyncResult passed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="92c3e2b5-c91c-15c7-75b1-200ba85982a6.md">EvalTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to paint transparent areas.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindForm</td>
<td>Retrieves the form that the control is on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focus</td>
<td>Sets input focus to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetAccessibilityObjectById</td>
<td>Retrieves the specified AccessibleObject.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating how a control will behave when its AutoSize() property is enabled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCellCount</td>
<td>Gets the number of cells that satisfy the provided filter.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCellDisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Returns the rectangle that represents the display area for a cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81e285c2-9eb4-78c1-e449-505b7f1d6cff.md">GetCellTriple</a></td>
<td>Recovers the back/border/content palettes to use for drawing the provided cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point, GetChildAtPointSkip)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates, specifying whether to ignore child controls of a certain type.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetClipboardContent</td>
<td>Retrieves the formatted values that represent the contents of the selected cells for copying to the Clipboard.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetColumnDisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Returns the rectangle that represents the display area for a column, as determined by the column index.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetContainerControl</td>
<td>Returns the next ContainerControl up the control's chain of parent controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetNextControl</td>
<td>Retrieves the next control forward or back in the tab order of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPreferredSize</td>
<td>Retrieves the size of a rectangular area into which a control can be fitted.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetRowDisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Returns the rectangle that represents the display area for a row, as determined by the row index.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetScaledBounds</td>
<td>Retrieves the bounds within which the control is scaled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStyle</td>
<td>Retrieves the value of the specified control style bit for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTopLevel</td>
<td>Determines if the control is a top-level control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Hide</td>
<td>Conceals the control from the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76bf1f92-5825-a2ff-ff76-b4cb290e15b3.md">HighlightSearch(String)</a></td>
<td>Highlight search strings in the DataGridView</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f6bc007-33bd-6816-fa64-16d6acf00a56.md">HighlightSearch(String, List(Int32))</a></td>
<td>Highlight search strings in the DataGridView</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HitTest</td>
<td>Returns location information, such as row and column indices, given x- and y-coordinates.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitLayout</td>
<td>Called after the control has been added to another container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate()</td>
<td>Invalidates the entire surface of the control and causes the control to be redrawn.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates a specific region of the control and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvalidateCell(DataGridViewCell)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified cell of the DataGridView, forcing it to be repainted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvalidateCell(Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Invalidates the cell with the specified row and column indexes, forcing it to be repainted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvalidateColumn</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified column of the DataGridView, forcing it to be repainted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvalidateRow</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified row of the DataGridView, forcing it to be repainted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate, on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle, with the specified list of arguments.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(T)(Func(T))</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeGotFocus</td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeLostFocus</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeOnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokePaint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokePaintBackground</td>
<td>Raises the PaintBackground event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputChar</td>
<td>Determines whether a character is an input character that the DataGridView recognizes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputKey</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified key is a regular input key or a special key that requires preprocessing.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Int32)</td>
<td>Converts a Logical DPI value to its equivalent DeviceUnit DPI value.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Size)</td>
<td>Transforms a size from logical to device units by scaling it for the current DPI and rounding down to the nearest integer value for width and height.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NotifyCurrentCellDirty</td>
<td>Notifies the DataGridView that the current cell has uncommitted changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NotifyInvalidate</td>
<td>Raises the Invalidated event with a specified region of the control to invalidate.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAllowUserToAddRowsChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AllowUserToAddRowsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAllowUserToDeleteRowsChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AllowUserToDeleteRowsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAllowUserToOrderColumnsChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AllowUserToOrderColumnsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAllowUserToResizeColumnsChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AllowUserToResizeColumnsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAllowUserToResizeRowsChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AllowUserToResizeRowsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAlternatingRowsDefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AlternatingRowsDefaultCellStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAutoGenerateColumnsChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AutoGenerateColumnsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAutoSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AutoSizeChanged() event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAutoSizeColumnModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AutoSizeColumnModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAutoSizeColumnsModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AutoSizeColumnsModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAutoSizeRowsModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AutoSizeRowsModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundImageLayoutChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageLayoutChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBorderStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BorderStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ed9c168d-955b-d673-fd81-f83935ad7c61.md">OnButtonSpecChanged</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette storage of a button spec change.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCancelRowEdit</td>
<td>Raises the CancelRowEdit event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCausesValidationChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CausesValidationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellBeginEdit</td>
<td>Raises the CellBeginEdit event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellBorderStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CellBorderStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellContentClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellContentClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellContentDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellContentDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CellContextMenuStripChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellContextMenuStripNeeded</td>
<td>Raises the CellContextMenuStripNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellEndEdit</td>
<td>Raises the CellEndEdit event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellEnter</td>
<td>Raises the CellEnter event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellErrorTextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CellErrorTextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellErrorTextNeeded</td>
<td>Raises the CellErrorTextNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellFormatting</td>
<td>Raises the CellFormatting event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellLeave</td>
<td>Raises the CellLeave event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellMouseClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellMouseClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellMouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellMouseDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8f55d457-cdb9-20a1-d07b-f467bdfe2990.md">OnCellMouseDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the CellMouseDown event.<br />(Overrides DataGridView.OnCellMouseDown(DataGridViewCellMouseEventArgs))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="29d3e075-e7a2-3b29-228d-9a03c9627b93.md">OnCellMouseEnter</a></td>
<td>Raises the CellMouseEnter event.<br />(Overrides DataGridView.OnCellMouseEnter(DataGridViewCellEventArgs))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e2be0fa5-6634-c675-3860-18b13de9ad72.md">OnCellMouseLeave</a></td>
<td>Raises the CellMouseLeave event.<br />(Overrides DataGridView.OnCellMouseLeave(DataGridViewCellEventArgs))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9fe455c6-354a-808d-1ff6-c0994e767d51.md">OnCellMouseMove</a></td>
<td>Raises the CellMouseMove event.<br />(Overrides DataGridView.OnCellMouseMove(DataGridViewCellMouseEventArgs))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="95b6ac8e-bba2-ae5b-0d25-269f92683435.md">OnCellMouseUp</a></td>
<td>Raises the CellMouseUp event.<br />(Overrides DataGridView.OnCellMouseUp(DataGridViewCellMouseEventArgs))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f1884cde-574d-0a20-3c1c-84891347a559.md">OnCellPainting</a></td>
<td>Raises the CellPainting event.<br />(Overrides DataGridView.OnCellPainting(DataGridViewCellPaintingEventArgs))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellParsing</td>
<td>Raises the CellParsing event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellStateChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CellStateChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CellStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellStyleContentChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CellStyleContentChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellToolTipTextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CellToolTipTextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellToolTipTextNeeded</td>
<td>Raises the CellToolTipTextNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellValidated</td>
<td>Raises the CellValidated event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellValidating</td>
<td>Raises the CellValidating event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellValueChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CellValueChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellValueNeeded</td>
<td>Raises the CellValueNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellValuePushed</td>
<td>Raises the CellValuePushed event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnChangeUICues</td>
<td>Raises the ChangeUICues event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClientSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ClientSizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnAdded</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnAdded event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnContextMenuStripChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnDataPropertyNameChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnDataPropertyNameChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnDefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnDefaultCellStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnDisplayIndexChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnDisplayIndexChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnDividerDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnDividerDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnDividerWidthChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnDividerWidthChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnHeaderCellChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnHeaderCellChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnHeaderMouseClick</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnHeaderMouseClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnHeaderMouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnHeaderMouseDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnHeadersBorderStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnHeadersBorderStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnHeadersDefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnHeadersDefaultCellStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnHeadersHeightChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnHeadersHeightChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnHeadersHeightSizeModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnHeadersHeightSizeModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnMinimumWidthChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnMinimumWidthChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnNameChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnNameChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnRemoved</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnRemoved event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnSortModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnSortModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnStateChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnStateChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnToolTipTextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnToolTipTextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnWidthChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnWidthChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ContextMenuStripChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnControlAdded</td>
<td>Raises the ControlAdded event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnControlRemoved</td>
<td>Raises the ControlRemoved event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCreateControl</td>
<td>Raises the CreateControl() method.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCurrentCellChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CurrentCellChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCurrentCellDirtyStateChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CurrentCellDirtyStateChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCursorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CursorChanged event and updates the UserSetCursor property if the cursor was changed in user code.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataBindingComplete</td>
<td>Raises the DataBindingComplete event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataContextChanged</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataError</td>
<td>Raises the DataError event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataMemberChanged</td>
<td>Raises the DataMemberChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataSourceChanged</td>
<td>Raises the DataSourceChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the DefaultCellStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDefaultValuesNeeded</td>
<td>Raises the DefaultValuesNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDockChanged</td>
<td>Raises the DockChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the DoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChangedAfterParent</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChangedAfterParent event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChangedBeforeParent</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChangedBeforeParent event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragDrop</td>
<td>Raises the DragDrop event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragEnter</td>
<td>Raises the DragEnter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragLeave</td>
<td>Raises the DragLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragOver</td>
<td>Raises the DragOver event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="abbd53dc-39c4-430b-d93b-550386ccec4d.md">OnEditingControlShowing</a></td>
<td>Raises the EditingControlShowing event.<br />(Overrides DataGridView.OnEditingControlShowing(DataGridViewEditingControlShowingEventArgs))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEditModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the EditModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d87d93a2-0ce9-e028-1193-a51cab167559.md">OnEnabledChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnabledChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnter</td>
<td>Raises the Enter event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGiveFeedback</td>
<td>Raises the GiveFeedback event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGotFocus</td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGridColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the GridColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleCreated</td>
<td>Raises the HandleCreated event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleDestroyed</td>
<td>Raises the HandleDestroyed event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHelpRequested</td>
<td>Raises the HelpRequested event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnImeModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ImeModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnInvalidated</td>
<td>Raises the Invalidated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnKeyDown</td>
<td>Raises the KeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnKeyPress</td>
<td>Raises the KeyPress event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnKeyUp</td>
<td>Raises the KeyUp event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="78ac7df6-85d4-cf83-1f6c-71ca8a64e0c4.md">OnLayout</a></td>
<td>Raises the Layout event.<br />(Overrides DataGridView.OnLayout(LayoutEventArgs))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLeave</td>
<td>Raises the Leave event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLocationChanged</td>
<td>Raises the LocationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLostFocus</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMarginChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MarginChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseCaptureChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MouseCaptureChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseClick</td>
<td>Raises the MouseClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the MouseDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseDown</td>
<td>Raises the MouseDown event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseEnter</td>
<td>Raises the OnMouseEnter(EventArgs) event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseHover</td>
<td>Raises the MouseHover event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseLeave</td>
<td>Raises the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseMove</td>
<td>Raises the MouseMove event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseUp</td>
<td>Raises the MouseUp event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseWheel</td>
<td>Raises the MouseWheel event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMove</td>
<td>Raises the Move event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMultiSelectChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MultiSelectChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d6dca6c7-2691-2e17-4141-c6d9ed16765f.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette storage of a paint and optional layout required.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b871471a-eb75-caa1-08da-ff68240ae584.md">OnNeedResyncPaint</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette storage of a paint and optional layout required.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnNewRowNeeded</td>
<td>Raises the NewRowNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnNotifyMessage</td>
<td>Notifies the control of Windows messages.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaddingChanged</td>
<td>Raises the PaddingChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="07364874-164b-f658-d08f-c61d69e6126e.md">OnPaintBackground</a></td>
<td>Raises the PaintBackground event.<br />(Overrides Control.OnPaintBackground(PaintEventArgs))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ef6e1eec-7b70-5444-e0bc-3702a42ccf31.md">OnPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PaletteChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event when the BackColor property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event when the BackgroundImage property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event when the BindingContext property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ParentChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentCursorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CursorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentDataContextChanged</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentEnabledChanged</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event when the Enabled property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event when the Font property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event when the ForeColor property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentRightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event when the RightToLeft property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event when the Visible property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPreviewKeyDown</td>
<td>Raises the PreviewKeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPrint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnQueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Raises the QueryContinueDrag event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnReadOnlyChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ReadOnlyChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRegionChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RegionChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnResize</td>
<td>Raises the Resize event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RowContextMenuStripChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowContextMenuStripNeeded</td>
<td>Raises the RowContextMenuStripNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowDefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RowDefaultCellStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowDirtyStateNeeded</td>
<td>Raises the RowDirtyStateNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowDividerDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the RowDividerDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowDividerHeightChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RowDividerHeightChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowEnter</td>
<td>Raises the RowEnter event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowErrorTextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RowErrorTextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowErrorTextNeeded</td>
<td>Raises the RowErrorTextNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowHeaderCellChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RowHeaderCellChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowHeaderMouseClick</td>
<td>Raises the RowHeaderMouseClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowHeaderMouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the RowHeaderMouseDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowHeadersBorderStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RowHeadersBorderStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowHeadersDefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RowHeadersDefaultCellStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowHeadersWidthChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RowHeadersWidthChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowHeadersWidthSizeModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RowHeadersWidthSizeModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowHeightChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RowHeightChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowHeightInfoNeeded</td>
<td>Raises the RowHeightInfoNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowHeightInfoPushed</td>
<td>Raises the RowHeightInfoPushed event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowLeave</td>
<td>Raises the RowLeave event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowMinimumHeightChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RowMinimumHeightChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowPostPaint</td>
<td>Raises the RowPostPaint event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowPrePaint</td>
<td>Raises the RowPrePaint event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowsAdded</td>
<td>Raises the RowsAdded event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowsDefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RowsDefaultCellStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowsRemoved</td>
<td>Raises the RowsRemoved event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowStateChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RowStateChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowUnshared</td>
<td>Raises the RowUnshared event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowValidated</td>
<td>Raises the RowValidated event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowValidating</td>
<td>Raises the RowValidating event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnScroll</td>
<td>Raises the Scroll event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSelectionChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SelectionChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSortCompare</td>
<td>Raises the SortCompare event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSorted</td>
<td>Raises the Sorted event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the StyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSystemColorsChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SystemColorsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTabIndexChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TabIndexChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTabStopChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TabStopChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnUserAddedRow</td>
<td>Raises the UserAddedRow event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnUserDeletedRow</td>
<td>Raises the UserDeletedRow event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnUserDeletingRow</td>
<td>Raises the UserDeletingRow event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidated</td>
<td>Raises the Validated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidating</td>
<td>Raises the Validating event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2b6dd509-7f70-0b8c-6f7a-a02fce3b5da4.md">PaintBackground</a></td>
<td>Paints the background of the DataGridView.<br />(Overrides DataGridView.PaintBackground(Graphics, Rectangle, Rectangle))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout()</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout(Control, String)</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="238884df-94c1-6af5-89ad-3d98b7d39642.md">PerformNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToClient</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified screen point into client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified client point into screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessControlMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessAKey</td>
<td>Processes the A key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessCmdKey</td>
<td>Processes a command key.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessControlShiftF10Keys</td>
<td>Activates the keyboard tooltip.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDataGridViewKey</td>
<td>Processes keys used for navigating in the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDeleteKey</td>
<td>Processes the DELETE key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDialogChar</td>
<td>Processes a dialog character.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDialogKey</td>
<td>Processes keys, such as the TAB, ESCAPE, ENTER, and ARROW keys, used to control dialog boxes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDownKey</td>
<td>Processes the DOWN ARROW key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessEndKey</td>
<td>Processes the END key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessEnterKey</td>
<td>Processes the ENTER key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessEscapeKey</td>
<td>Processes the ESC key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessF2Key</td>
<td>Processes the F2 key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessF3Key</td>
<td>Processes the F3 key by sorting the current column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessHomeKey</td>
<td>Processes the HOME key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessInsertKey</td>
<td>Processes the INSERT key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyEventArgs</td>
<td>Processes a key message and generates the appropriate control events.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyMessage</td>
<td>Processes a keyboard message.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyPreview</td>
<td>Previews a keyboard message.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessLeftKey</td>
<td>Processes the LEFT ARROW key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessMnemonic</td>
<td>Processes a mnemonic character.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessNextKey</td>
<td>Processes the PAGE DOWN key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessPriorKey</td>
<td>Processes the PAGE UP key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessRightKey</td>
<td>Processes the RIGHT ARROW key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessSpaceKey</td>
<td>Processes the SPACEBAR.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessTabKey</td>
<td>Processes the TAB key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessUpKey</td>
<td>Processes the UP ARROW key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessZeroKey</td>
<td>Processes the 0 key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseDragEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate drag event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseKeyEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate key event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseMouseEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate mouse event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaisePaintEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreateHandle</td>
<td>Forces the re-creation of the handle for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToClient</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified screen rectangle in client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified client rectangle in screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Refresh</td>
<td>Forces the control to invalidate its client area and immediately redraw itself and any child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RefreshEdit</td>
<td>Refreshes the value of the current cell with the underlying cell value when the cell is in edit mode, discarding any previous value.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RescaleConstantsForDpi</td>
<td>Provides constants for rescaling the control when a DPI change occurs.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResetMouseEventArgs</td>
<td>Resets the control to handle the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a351db8b-600e-8b88-c64b-c84768fe4102.md">ResetPalette</a></td>
<td>Resets the Palette property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="134f85a8-ee4f-28fd-cfe5-e756ad4e126c.md">ResetPaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Resets the PaletteMode property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout()</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout(Boolean)</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic, optionally forcing an immediate layout of pending layout requests.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(ContentAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified ContentAlignment to the appropriate ContentAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(HorizontalAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified HorizontalAlignment to the appropriate HorizontalAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(LeftRightAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified LeftRightAlignment to the appropriate LeftRightAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateContent</td>
<td>Converts the specified ContentAlignment to the appropriate ContentAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateHorizontal</td>
<td>Converts the specified HorizontalAlignment to the appropriate HorizontalAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateLeftRight</td>
<td>Converts the specified LeftRightAlignment to the appropriate LeftRightAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Scale</td>
<td>Scales the control and all child controls by the specified scaling factor.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleBitmapLogicalToDevice</td>
<td>Scales a logical bitmap value to it's equivalent device unit value when a DPI change occurs.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleControl</td>
<td>Scales a control's location, size, padding and margin.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Select()</td>
<td>Activates the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Select(Boolean, Boolean)</td>
<td>Activates a child control. Optionally specifies the direction in the tab order to select the control from.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectAll</td>
<td>Selects all the cells in the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectNextControl</td>
<td>Activates the next control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SendToBack</td>
<td>Sends the control to the back of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Sets a value indicating how a control will behave when its AutoSize() property is enabled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Sets the bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, BoundsSpecified)</td>
<td>Sets the specified bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBoundsCore</td>
<td>This member overrides SetBoundsCore(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, BoundsSpecified).<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetClientSizeCore</td>
<td>Sets the size of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetCurrentCellAddressCore</td>
<td>Sets the currently active cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetSelectedCellCore</td>
<td>Changes the selection state of the cell with the specified row and column indexes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetSelectedColumnCore</td>
<td>Changes the selection state of the column with the specified index.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetSelectedRowCore</td>
<td>Changes the selection state of the row with the specified index.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetStyle</td>
<td>Sets a specified ControlStyles flag to either true or false.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetTopLevel</td>
<td>Sets the control as the top-level control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetVisibleCore</td>
<td>Sets the control to the specified visible state.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Show</td>
<td>Displays the control to the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeFromClientSize</td>
<td>Determines the size of the entire control from the height and width of its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Sort(IComparer)</td>
<td>Sorts the contents of the DataGridView control using an implementation of the IComparer interface.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Sort(DataGridViewColumn, ListSortDirection)</td>
<td>Sorts the contents of the DataGridView control in ascending or descending order based on the contents of the specified column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SuspendLayout</td>
<td>Temporarily suspends the layout logic for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Update</td>
<td>Causes the control to redraw the invalidated regions within its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds()</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the current size and location.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the specified size and location.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the specified size, location, and client size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateCellErrorText</td>
<td>Forces the cell at the specified location to update its error text.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateCellValue</td>
<td>Forces the control to update its display of the cell at the specified location based on its new value, applying any automatic sizing modes currently in effect.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateRowErrorText(Int32)</td>
<td>Forces the row at the given row index to update its error text.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateRowErrorText(Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Forces the rows in the given range to update their error text.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateRowHeightInfo</td>
<td>Forces the specified row or rows to update their height information.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateStyles</td>
<td>Forces the assigned styles to be reapplied to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateZOrder</td>
<td>Updates the control in its parent's z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0b89fa21-604f-cdce-7119-915889806b39.md">WndProc</a></td>
<td>Process Windows-based messages.<br />(Overrides DataGridView.WndProc(Message))</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="b763ad9e-a40e-a9d4-85a7-f45569078e74.md">KryptonDataGridView Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
