# KryptonDataGridViewComboBoxColumn Class


Hosts a collection of KryptonDataGridViewComboBoxCell cells.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonDataGridViewComboBoxColumn : KryptonDataGridViewIconColumn
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonDataGridViewComboBoxColumn
	Inherits KryptonDataGridViewIconColumn
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  DataGridViewElement  →  DataGridViewBand  →  DataGridViewColumn  →  <a href="21f6015d-1ab5-4482-8193-6cf4882c3abf.md">KryptonDataGridViewIconColumn</a>  →  KryptonDataGridViewComboBoxColumn</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="0fbdd125-441b-3c9e-e3d6-f1f0881a88fd.md">KryptonDataGridViewComboBoxColumn</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonDataGridViewComboBoxColumn class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="1fb89c9a-1e4e-9a80-460f-dab64e2b0a14.md">AutoCompleteCustomSource</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the StringCollection to use when the AutoCompleteSource property is set to CustomSource.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1da8c708-d026-3267-200c-ea94ffac9fab.md">AutoCompleteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the text completion behavior of the combobox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a5d4f460-e9bd-a0ab-12fe-3bdd9fe60e32.md">AutoCompleteSource</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the autocomplete source, which can be one of the values from AutoCompleteSource enumeration.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the mode by which the column automatically adjusts its width.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="62117479-4d4c-5193-ed16-92a009587635.md">CellTemplate</a></td>
<td>Represents the implicit cell that gets cloned when adding rows to the grid.<br />(Overrides DataGridViewColumn.CellTemplate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellType</td>
<td>Gets the run-time type of the cell template.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStrip</td>
<td>Gets or sets the shortcut menu for the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataGridView</td>
<td>Gets the DataGridView control associated with this element.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataPropertyName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the data source property or database column to which the DataGridViewColumn is bound.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="150b4f37-8631-edc8-e3a0-5a06db1b8b7d.md">DataSource</a></td>
<td>"Indicates the Datasource for the items in this control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCellStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets the column's default cell style.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultHeaderCellType</td>
<td>Gets or sets the run-time type of the default header cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Displayed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the band is currently displayed onscreen.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the display order of the column relative to the currently displayed columns.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e5946553-df01-bb82-8b12-66af5c4146f5.md">DisplayMember</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the appearance and functionality of the KryptonComboBox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DividerWidth</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width, in pixels, of the column divider.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5887ca97-6a26-834f-39e6-154eb0ece51b.md">DropDownHeight</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the height, in pixels, of the drop down box in a KryptonComboBox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="45723d82-80fd-52f9-3527-8094cc7f477c.md">DropDownStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the appearance and functionality of the KryptonComboBox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f4f12a45-1ec6-beb3-b8f9-5b59032a8133.md">DropDownWidth</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the width, in pixels, of the drop down box in a KryptonComboBox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FillWeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value that represents the width of the column when it is in fill mode relative to the widths of other fill-mode columns in the control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Frozen</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether a column will move when a user scrolls the DataGridView control horizontally.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasDefaultCellStyle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the DefaultCellStyle property has been set.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HeaderCell</td>
<td>Gets or sets the DataGridViewColumnHeaderCell that represents the column header.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HeaderCellCore</td>
<td>Gets or sets the header cell of the DataGridViewBand.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HeaderText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the caption text on the column's header cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="040bedbd-54c5-e613-cb1e-44ed23090eb9.md">IconSpecs</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of the icon specifications.<br />(Inherited from <a href="21f6015d-1ab5-4482-8193-6cf4882c3abf.md">KryptonDataGridViewIconColumn</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Index</td>
<td>Gets the relative position of the band within the DataGridView control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InheritedAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Gets the sizing mode in effect for the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InheritedStyle</td>
<td>Gets the cell style currently applied to the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDataBound</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the column is bound to a data source.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsRow</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the band represents a row.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="91d04b7a-01f0-ef57-bde6-64aaecf72f78.md">Items</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of allowable items of the domain up down.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c6ebfa9f-9e10-cc03-45c3-73e7489fba99.md">MaxDropDownItems</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the maximum number of entries to display in the drop-down list.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumWidth</td>
<td>Gets or sets the minimum width, in pixels, of the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ReadOnly</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can edit the column's cells.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Resizable</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the column is resizable.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Selected</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the band is in a selected user interface (UI) state.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the sort mode for the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>State</td>
<td>Gets the user interface (UI) state of the element.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data to associate with the band.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolTipText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the text used for ToolTips.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="de5b3e04-ac25-ad4d-b0f9-18bc6390f2de.md">ValueMember</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the appearance and functionality of the KryptonComboBox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ValueType</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data type of the values in the column's cells.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the column is visible.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the current width of the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="145a2c32-9457-7b33-86ad-3a59227b8782.md">Clone</a></td>
<td>Create a cloned copy of the column.<br />(Overrides <a href="2c225d0c-ac0d-d52c-a7d5-7427b6930106.md">KryptonDataGridViewIconColumn.Clone()</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the DataGridViewBand.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the DataGridViewBand and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases the resources associated with the band.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPreferredWidth</td>
<td>Calculates the ideal width of the column based on the specified criteria.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataGridViewChanged</td>
<td>Called when the band is associated with a different DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseCellClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseCellContentClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellContentClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseCellContentDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellContentDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseCellValueChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CellValueChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseDataError</td>
<td>Raises the DataError event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseMouseWheel</td>
<td>Raises the MouseWheel event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="816f4f13-7cd7-1fa7-0b55-01da8c78a67f.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a standard compact string representation of the column.<br />(Overrides DataGridViewColumn.ToString())</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the DataGridViewColumn is disposed.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
