# KryptonTreeNode Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>BackColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the background color of the tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets the bounds of the tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Checked</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the tree node is in a checked state.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStrip</td>
<td>Gets or sets the shortcut menu associated with this tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FirstNode</td>
<td>Gets the first child tree node in the tree node collection.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ForeColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the foreground color of the tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FullPath</td>
<td>Gets the path from the root tree node to the current tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the handle of the tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the image list index value of the image displayed when the tree node is in the unselected state.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageKey</td>
<td>Gets or sets the key for the image associated with this tree node when the node is in an unselected state.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Index</td>
<td>Gets the position of the tree node in the tree node collection.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0dbbdabf-2bd0-c53f-4ab5-2ca989471c41.md">IsCheckBoxVisible</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsEditing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the tree node is in an editable state.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsExpanded</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the tree node is in the expanded state.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsSelected</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the tree node is in the selected state.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsVisible</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the tree node is visible or partially visible.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LastNode</td>
<td>Gets the last child tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Level</td>
<td>Gets the zero-based depth of the tree node in the TreeView control.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="75dc5c7a-f2c3-68b9-2cb1-5c4885e6a2f1.md">LongForeColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the foreground color of the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e615081c-811d-60d8-d466-2c8f455e49b5.md">LongNodeFont</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the font of the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3dc6b0ea-09c3-1158-6a1c-4daeee368eb9.md">LongText</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NextNode</td>
<td>Gets the next sibling tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NextVisibleNode</td>
<td>Gets the next visible tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NodeFont</td>
<td>Gets or sets the font that is used to display the text on the tree node label.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Nodes</td>
<td>Gets the collection of TreeNode objects assigned to the current tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets the parent tree node of the current tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PrevNode</td>
<td>Gets the previous sibling tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PrevVisibleNode</td>
<td>Gets the previous visible tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectedImageIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the image list index value of the image that is displayed when the tree node is in the selected state.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectedImageKey</td>
<td>Gets or sets the key of the image displayed in the tree node when it is in a selected state.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StateImageIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the index of the image that is used to indicate the state of the TreeNode when the parent TreeView has its CheckBoxes property set to false.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StateImageKey</td>
<td>Gets or sets the key of the image that is used to indicate the state of the TreeNode when the parent TreeView has its CheckBoxes property set to false.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Text</td>
<td>Gets or sets the text displayed in the label of the tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolTipText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the text that appears when the mouse pointer hovers over a TreeNode.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TreeView</td>
<td>Gets the parent tree view that the tree node is assigned to.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="69f51b50-f1e4-c5d5-757e-665c13187ab4.md">KryptonTreeNode Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
