# KryptonPersistAttribute Class


Attribute that marks properties for persistence inside the Krypton palette.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
[SerializableAttribute]
public sealed class KryptonPersistAttribute : Attribute
```
**VB**
``` VB
<SerializableAttribute>
Public NotInheritable Class KryptonPersistAttribute
	Inherits Attribute
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  Attribute  →  KryptonPersistAttribute</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="bbab1563-c859-84a1-ac18-1dcabb3c0ce0.md">KryptonPersistAttribute()</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonPersistAttribute class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="39731011-96b9-9002-fc49-68bffb783b4a.md">KryptonPersistAttribute(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonPersistAttribute class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="75622158-6a03-f98a-6f83-5604d2a1afb9.md">KryptonPersistAttribute(Boolean, Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonPersistAttribute class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="aba34c41-edaf-43d0-4d5c-dd50bafe6a84.md">Navigate</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if the persistence should navigate the property.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="efd5d680-70fe-ac43-6c46-902a55669bd4.md">Populate</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if the property should be reset as part of a populate operation.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TypeId</td>
<td>When implemented in a derived class, gets a unique identifier for this Attribute.<br />(Inherited from Attribute)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value that indicates whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Attribute)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for this instance.<br />(Inherited from Attribute)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDefaultAttribute</td>
<td>When overridden in a derived class, indicates whether the value of this instance is the default value for the derived class.<br />(Inherited from Attribute)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Match</td>
<td>When overridden in a derived class, returns a value that indicates whether this instance equals a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Attribute)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
