# ViewDecorator Class


Base class from which all decorator views inherit.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public abstract class ViewDecorator : ViewBase
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public MustInherit Class ViewDecorator
	Inherits ViewBase
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>  →  ViewDecorator</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Derived</strong></td><td><a href="4fb20a0f-4b20-91a3-fbec-ce163125b40b.md">Krypton.Toolkit.ViewDecoratorFixedSize</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="6a8339e9-3fa3-577c-24eb-616e4912121c.md">ViewDecorator</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the ViewBase class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="c86ce30f-883d-4f9f-daeb-ec7b725e6ca5.md">ClientHeight</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the height of the view.<br />(Overrides <a href="8ca1086e-f2a1-e3aa-0550-e17de8d4d705.md">ViewBase.ClientHeight</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a2285f7c-66ef-d7c0-92fc-1ed0bda5f79e.md">ClientLocation</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the location of the view inside the parent view.<br />(Overrides <a href="adf2b0f9-71eb-d32c-2ec0-ac09568593fa.md">ViewBase.ClientLocation</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a059153d-f480-6c34-e392-00d96936b32e.md">ClientRectangle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the rectangle bounding the client area.<br />(Overrides <a href="26daf885-2412-02b5-dc52-e6e5f8121280.md">ViewBase.ClientRectangle</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aab48de6-57c1-8040-9e53-80d7379b3269.md">ClientRectangleF</a></td>
<td><br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a4666feb-09fa-b61b-e89f-6c08bcbba390.md">ClientSize</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the size of the view.<br />(Overrides <a href="c7ce4247-0421-c87f-bef9-93ca9c8d0710.md">ViewBase.ClientSize</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2f519087-fc3c-5086-4675-7e83798ebae5.md">ClientWidth</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the width of the view.<br />(Overrides <a href="8e43df91-01e4-3d85-b2c7-6f37025e7632.md">ViewBase.ClientWidth</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a0853610-b2de-7dec-2285-f2d884fc0231.md">Component</a></td>
<td>Gets the component associated with the element.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a80b5b22-a092-dd13-0ac8-6573e9d088ea.md">Count</a></td>
<td>Gets the number of views in collection.<br />(Overrides <a href="6d876c80-aa75-bf56-696a-8d604371aa20.md">ViewBase.Count</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="49bf0edd-d152-774f-af66-645504aa20a5.md">DependantEnabledState</a></td>
<td>Get and set the view the enabled state of this view element is dependant on.<br />(Overrides <a href="45b74146-9308-269a-0625-9558884a95b2.md">ViewBase.DependantEnabledState</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="223ca7ac-8999-0e3a-efd6-1bc68e68db3c.md">ElementState</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the visual state of the element.<br />(Overrides <a href="1631dbf1-7432-b0c3-508a-cc76fd85b428.md">ViewBase.ElementState</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="37a88a24-a2ee-bf88-6f69-ef9b26edd18e.md">Enabled</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the enabled state of the element.<br />(Overrides <a href="ab081600-b6ff-5a6b-58b1-096a470ecd35.md">ViewBase.Enabled</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="026ae658-3cdc-1c85-8625-fc598f0183a8.md">FactorDpiX</a></td>
<td>Gets the DpiX of the view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0c4492bd-aee6-2147-f951-fcd5893011ed.md">FactorDpiY</a></td>
<td>Gets the DpiY of the view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bd6b054a-be8b-303d-1465-b3047e196956.md">FixedState</a></td>
<td>Set a fixed state to override usual behavior and appearance<br />(Overrides <a href="428afb96-cbad-d267-10d1-93533a7f9589.md">ViewBase.FixedState</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b8132097-e81f-af8f-9edb-3cb79ba26d45.md">IsDisposed</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if the view has been disposed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ac07ac40-e9c2-ef74-ad5d-1ffc8514a26f.md">IsEnableDependant</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if view enabled state is dependant on another view.<br />(Overrides <a href="2051812a-d6aa-0b59-07f6-d0aaf5425a45.md">ViewBase.IsEnableDependant</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c0f007-1f3d-a856-036d-bc183753aa94.md">IsFixed</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if view is using a fixed state.<br />(Overrides <a href="ae00d504-ee78-dc0c-547f-47ccf010c8f3.md">ViewBase.IsFixed</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1359c544-d62a-40dc-68ae-2cf918c7cb0c.md">IsReadOnly</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the collection is read-only.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4f558f9e-2fdd-d08c-bea1-9c6ad4937d96.md">Item</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the view at the specified index.<br />(Overrides <a href="2ae1d790-b155-9872-2cf3-4682570e1eba.md">ViewBase.Item(Int32)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="228b54b8-9a4a-f468-9a00-106e4126f34d.md">KeyController</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the associated key controller.<br />(Overrides <a href="8c0c18fc-2c53-4c1c-c120-964c3bc82e99.md">ViewBase.KeyController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0a32074d-73a8-7fd7-b58e-cfbc89cd415f.md">MouseController</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the associated mouse controller.<br />(Overrides <a href="d5761a42-75a6-b244-b305-631dbf54d295.md">ViewBase.MouseController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c732fcd5-3e0d-98cb-17df-e574d4733f53.md">OwningControl</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a reference to the control instance that contains this view element.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b34c2e84-eb23-0078-5656-e854d6f41638.md">Parent</a></td>
<td>Gets the parent view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8e952d6f-8591-16a6-b1ef-19b14bfe5158.md">SourceController</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the associated source controller.<br />(Overrides <a href="354d206d-5772-7294-dc86-25ae526ef09d.md">ViewBase.SourceController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4edf3457-88a9-a7dc-c98a-a738d59c4785.md">State</a></td>
<td>Gets the visual state taking into account the owning controls state.<br />(Overrides <a href="97b91260-605d-f086-e86c-7ad32f06d42b.md">ViewBase.State</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="89d7730e-337a-9767-0047-8eb6f8c90c66.md">Visible</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the enabled state of the element.<br />(Overrides <a href="c6f3a2c1-5079-abb9-07ab-be74628e34be.md">ViewBase.Visible</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="1adb9990-46de-4fb6-43e4-b85da61a86fc.md">Add</a></td>
<td>Append a view to the collection.<br />(Overrides <a href="e289d32b-5415-ca6c-5f9a-5500d799503a.md">ViewBase.Add(ViewBase)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b167c6e7-5eda-a1e3-a1ba-f863b34fd378.md">Clear</a></td>
<td>Remove all views from the collection.<br />(Overrides <a href="788ee9d5-9663-da93-da9d-071c3a049f9b.md">ViewBase.Clear()</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c596f665-09d2-0613-affd-6525f2d2160d.md">ClearFixedState</a></td>
<td>Clear down the use of the fixed state<br />(Overrides <a href="07da82a4-8c30-f77f-1a25-29fcbbc3b028.md">ViewBase.ClearFixedState()</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fe2a805a-b1b6-2972-0ad2-ac0822be4320.md">Contains</a></td>
<td>Determines whether the collection contains the view.<br />(Overrides <a href="533b860a-849d-6576-7b74-6718097aa51c.md">ViewBase.Contains(ViewBase)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6c90efec-b9fc-a541-aa76-d1b63dd79ff1.md">ContainsRecurse</a></td>
<td>Determines whether any part of the view hierarchy is the specified view.<br />(Overrides <a href="5911ba18-61e9-5338-ee4d-10e470040668.md">ViewBase.ContainsRecurse(ViewBase)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eecbd027-e166-66c0-9ef2-9e7159ef0920.md">CopyTo</a></td>
<td>Copies views to specified array starting at particular index.<br />(Overrides <a href="a7bc3db2-f559-6a05-afe6-799b3d37f5ac.md">ViewBase.CopyTo(ViewBase[], Int32)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="56e77af8-2279-414f-d419-9e0428f318da.md">Dispose()</a></td>
<td>Release managed and unmanaged resources.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0c7bafb3-9edb-6661-ee41-c7935519e5c6.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Release unmanaged and optionally managed resources.<br />(Overrides <a href="7ca2f86d-2f69-4d14-c97d-85f0a27272af.md">ViewBase.Dispose(Boolean)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="95398135-79d1-2dcf-a20f-c6ff362ade91.md">DoubleClick</a></td>
<td>Left mouse button has been double clicked.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="27e19a9d-9778-309d-84e6-40aacc9ee92a.md">EvalTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Evaluate the need for drawing transparent areas.<br />(Overrides <a href="04c0ed13-8242-119a-b145-12abfdc0841b.md">ViewBase.EvalTransparentPaint(ViewContext)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="906b1d4f-3979-9407-ae58-de235976e067.md">Finalize</a></td>
<td>Release resources.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fa2eff88-157f-82f0-361c-8adb76577c30.md">FindMouseController</a></td>
<td>Mouse has entered the view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cf0875dd-331f-5aaf-5ecc-82d08d891bf8.md">GetEnumerator</a></td>
<td>Shallow enumerate forward over children of the element.<br />(Overrides <a href="6afea767-f15f-1be4-9f5f-1cc7ec56ed21.md">ViewBase.GetEnumerator()</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="394447d7-811f-9753-669d-891aa80b3fdc.md">GetPreferredSize</a></td>
<td>Discover the preferred size of the element.<br />(Overrides <a href="9d104908-676e-3601-1d35-e082205664a7.md">ViewBase.GetPreferredSize(ViewLayoutContext)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ab09eff2-4be3-4409-3656-db11b750d3b8.md">GotFocus</a></td>
<td>Source control has got the focus.<br />(Overrides <a href="5cb28b55-86bb-f1da-3c6f-dfb902f2b452.md">ViewBase.GotFocus(Control)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ec245d00-77e0-1a31-818f-b35fc9d2d8f3.md">IndexOf</a></td>
<td>Determines the index of the specified view in the collection.<br />(Overrides <a href="6e57a51c-d1ef-f0ba-cf1b-fea08a474499.md">ViewBase.IndexOf(ViewBase)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7361a398-460d-dda2-de01-12823e40206b.md">Insert</a></td>
<td>Inserts a view to the collection at the specified index.<br />(Overrides <a href="286d59a5-799e-884a-f469-26f22a4b7692.md">ViewBase.Insert(Int32, ViewBase)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="62f5423d-b5a3-c7be-7799-d72e929ef4bf.md">KeyDown</a></td>
<td>Key has been pressed down.<br />(Overrides <a href="375695e4-351a-d41e-2a9c-849557307230.md">ViewBase.KeyDown(KeyEventArgs)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d8a5be29-5347-3b8c-3fb6-6bcbaa629d27.md">KeyPress</a></td>
<td>Key has been pressed.<br />(Overrides <a href="b20e4dcf-0fd8-7bb5-03a8-0c77b0168719.md">ViewBase.KeyPress(KeyPressEventArgs)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e1b1957f-782d-7bd8-4c7d-d2c2e504f13b.md">KeyUp</a></td>
<td>Key has been released.<br />(Overrides <a href="0ee22a65-620c-6f78-ab66-7af58ee22bc3.md">ViewBase.KeyUp(KeyEventArgs)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eb4e6b47-ac0c-35a5-8a14-c2d172f8ad6a.md">Layout</a></td>
<td>Perform a layout of the elements.<br />(Overrides <a href="f29deeb6-c5bd-6dc1-3bb9-ee317c67bb24.md">ViewBase.Layout(ViewLayoutContext)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b784a9b7-27cb-4239-0f68-1c924c20a504.md">LostFocus</a></td>
<td>Source control has lost the focus.<br />(Overrides <a href="70dabc71-fb88-4c6f-8428-7c3ef87e8351.md">ViewBase.LostFocus(Control)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b2d55740-2e88-0e92-9068-e2158cd853d9.md">MouseDown</a></td>
<td>Mouse button has been pressed in the view.<br />(Overrides <a href="f85042cd-bd95-bd0e-2bf4-46cdc723c1af.md">ViewBase.MouseDown(Point, MouseButtons)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2b14ced9-5392-82d8-f0cd-1c252d31fabc.md">MouseEnter</a></td>
<td>Mouse has entered the view.<br />(Overrides <a href="38bba82f-9309-fc1b-1525-9f3f606bddfb.md">ViewBase.MouseEnter()</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ca9e0c60-5fa1-3995-24c2-569e713333d0.md">MouseLeave</a></td>
<td>Mouse has left the view.<br />(Overrides <a href="3f0f21f8-e7fe-e45b-44b8-b5729b578e83.md">ViewBase.MouseLeave(ViewBase)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7b67f44b-2e86-d812-a02b-d9263d1e3e22.md">MouseMove</a></td>
<td>Mouse has moved inside the view.<br />(Overrides <a href="3891df9a-e10f-835d-bf0c-8e6d87e22df8.md">ViewBase.MouseMove(Point)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="16293301-85f8-8fd3-9dda-acad249d3460.md">MouseUp</a></td>
<td>Mouse button has been released in the view.<br />(Overrides <a href="7ec191d5-ec44-9277-55cf-37ad06e7bfa4.md">ViewBase.MouseUp(Point, MouseButtons)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0e00ba2e-72ad-8410-c1be-41c1990f978d.md">Recurse</a></td>
<td>Deep enumerate forward over children of the element.<br />(Overrides <a href="22d165ea-0221-3079-0c24-6a70e59e3c9e.md">ViewBase.Recurse()</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eff4a1ca-2ac4-e9c6-99e6-0d775569a244.md">Remove</a></td>
<td>Removes first occurrence of specified view.<br />(Overrides <a href="6f2c5598-cb9c-2efa-434a-2834efa431bf.md">ViewBase.Remove(ViewBase)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b0ee2379-4527-bb47-f3ca-0cf7be503194.md">RemoveAt</a></td>
<td>Removes the view at the specified index.<br />(Overrides <a href="39b163d5-65b2-7814-a177-a0e4649f6f2e.md">ViewBase.RemoveAt(Int32)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2b28819c-3e30-c114-116a-3fac963caeb9.md">Render</a></td>
<td>Perform a render of the elements.<br />(Overrides <a href="2f8809c0-58d8-c2cd-6764-40bd5ed1bd67.md">ViewBase.Render(RenderContext)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0d72a0f3-fa00-f3f2-5015-7242f2b1ed8d.md">RenderAfter</a></td>
<td>Perform rendering after child elements are rendered.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0a5f30f4-0b1b-cf5e-adb7-1fab2b73a1d2.md">RenderBefore</a></td>
<td>Perform rendering before child elements are rendered.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="751b4b09-1947-7618-b1c2-eb84b4c4c769.md">Reverse</a></td>
<td>Shallow enumerate backwards over children of the element.<br />(Overrides <a href="7651909a-b15b-986a-2d8a-9d33ccb451ce.md">ViewBase.Reverse()</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a69df042-6e85-c036-b8c8-9e4ccc40f18a.md">ReverseRecurse</a></td>
<td>Deep enumerate backwards over children of the element.<br />(Overrides <a href="52b3e8ae-d012-0270-63ce-ff6c9b5dbd94.md">ViewBase.ReverseRecurse()</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d716a7bd-d633-eb00-007f-4235323051ab.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Obtains the String representation of this instance.<br />(Overrides <a href="40106e64-63b0-4bab-1e07-4eb6689b30cc.md">ViewBase.ToString()</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d49e18e4-66a0-f53e-92d3-5554f5cb2bb6.md">ViewFromPoint</a></td>
<td>Find the view that contains the specified point.<br />(Overrides <a href="92b234bc-72ad-cb8a-5253-f9ac9632b4ea.md">ViewBase.ViewFromPoint(Point)</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
