# KryptonDataGridViewDomainUpDownEditingControl Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="98a5d324-ea22-9308-51ab-a3c5bf01a981.md">AllowButtonSpecToolTipPriority</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if button spec tooltips should remove the parent tooltip.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e3dc01d4-272f-34ee-9125-f7e96739ecee.md">AllowButtonSpecToolTips</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if tooltips should be Displayed for button specs.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can accept data that the user drags onto it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fb88c0b9-73c5-e4d1-b203-760d377b202c.md">AlwaysActive</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets Determines if the control is always active or only when the mouse is over the control or has focus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="62de411e-9c97-ca62-3eac-5e34a88742d6.md">Anchor</a></td>
<td>https://github.com/Krypton-Suite/Standard-Toolkit/issues/688<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9cad4559-ab70-febc-2137-499688257d89.md">BackColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background color for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1cb9b3f1-d625-1f75-6f48-9cd33918e4c4.md">BackgroundImage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fbcec284-5d61-c094-4119-30a008179f8c.md">BackgroundImageLayout</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image layout.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="983695ba-fbf4-0fe5-0f7b-be4c8edb67da.md">ButtonSpecs</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of button specifications.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e770f52-210d-77de-338f-ab8e3d3836e1.md">ContainedControl</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the contained input control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="44bbb18b-8f43-d196-1dd9-88ab747d647a.md">ContextMenuStrip</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the associated context menu strip.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Controls</td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="402b1abf-96f6-ebeb-d4ee-ea9aa7238a6f.md">CornerRoundingRadius</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the corner rounding radius.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateParams</td>
<td>Gets the required creation parameters when the control handle is created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="001f3112-fb1a-e518-3b26-56bf9a3ac6af.md">DefaultSize</a></td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2cd8345d-8ca8-c847-7ab9-48bbaf4e1275.md">DisplayRectangle</a></td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the display area of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dock</td>
<td>Gets or sets which control borders are docked to its parent control and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dbada740-95c3-87c7-fa26-86ec5494f821.md">DomainUpDown</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the contained DomainUpDown instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5ae4735a-6519-0a0d-215f-0ed20612d921.md">EditingControlDataGridView</a></td>
<td>Property which caches the grid that uses this editing control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f0057195-c848-6e02-e29b-6062fef98859.md">EditingControlFormattedValue</a></td>
<td>Property which represents the current formatted value of the editing control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="44659afd-14cc-0c91-dd0b-03465d98b0d2.md">EditingControlRowIndex</a></td>
<td>Property which represents the row in which the editing control resides</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ba03265f-5a74-9fcd-4bd1-c8da510381b9.md">EditingControlValueChanged</a></td>
<td>Property which indicates whether the value of the editing control has changed or not</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="65b34c97-2cc5-6c49-0979-63091bee4e8b.md">EditingPanelCursor</a></td>
<td>Property which determines which cursor must be used for the editing panel, i.e. the parent of the editing control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f77f144-461b-e0c7-d404-e98cb632abe2.md">EvalInvokePaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to use Invoke to force a repaint.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ea80b029-6094-5048-bbbd-763f194a7e98.md">Focused</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bf23d25e-670f-734a-e5d6-156506c065e2.md">Font</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the font of the text Displayed by the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3fa83b36-5d81-bab0-d81c-4714408561bd.md">ForeColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the foreground color for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a96dd71b-fe65-a800-d984-ff63ce9b72e1.md">InputControlStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the input control style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="114e35e4-9a6f-925d-b535-4b20d59b504b.md">InterceptArrowKeys</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets whether the up-down control will increment and decrement the value when the UP ARROW and DOWN ARROW are used.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f9c32f05-f822-b971-c2cf-d16188f0e9c2.md">Items</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of allowable items of the domain up down.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19e559e5-49d6-6837-1d3e-bd30310c9e4b.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the KryptonContextMenu to show when right clicked.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the upper limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the lower limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e8e19cb-0b87-5a93-8dae-ba685ab768d3.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd0acfd2-24e3-79cc-4d0e-393dc3db77cf.md">NeedPaintPaletteDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint palette delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76de231e-1e7e-f794-8483-ddea441042ee.md">NeedTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if transparent paint is needed<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets padding within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0cd21a8-cecb-c891-532e-34ba62c82f21.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41c3411b-ffb0-095e-47b4-fc6ce7c5db17.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3fdb2855-4e75-a18d-249d-3a7d34a4e57a.md">ReadOnly</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the text in the edit control can be changed or not.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="177219af-8f43-9c87-623d-ff4ae2155849.md">Redirector</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the palette redirector.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81eeb3c2-d939-1525-0987-b9cd7d94af7d.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="78b49032-e869-0a40-57d5-b9ce042665df.md">RepositionEditingControlOnValueChange</a></td>
<td>Property which indicates whether the editing control needs to be repositioned when its value changes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="17f93e0d-e571-5786-43ee-ab2c650ce42b.md">SelectedIndex</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the index value of the selected item.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a035a056-bc39-a862-30a0-57361e14aa26.md">SelectedItem</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the selected item based on the index value of the selected item in the collection.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="369956da-ccd6-e813-503d-5697dba5881a.md">Sorted</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the item collection is sorted.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="75c64d6d-0ccc-b56a-43f9-cfc59e60f706.md">StateActive</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the active textbox appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cd6f45cd-7929-0de5-5dce-ff01cdc84974.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common textbox appearance entries that other states can override.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="da747262-bd6e-40fa-4874-41d07e37a980.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled textbox appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="64605c4b-d7e0-3b23-618e-5ae00a62cbd0.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal textbox appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f9fc2155-cd48-40dd-2dd5-df6a160222b3.md">TabStop</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the control is in the tab chain.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="135691f9-1ae2-73e3-9102-310e55e76e76.md">Text</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the text for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c485c1ac-c1ff-03f9-717e-03694ca76a7c.md">ToolTipManager</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ToolTipManager used for displaying tool tips.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7bc15b0f-7b9c-1821-d705-0229ee9c0438.md">ToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the button content.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f51f7937-adcf-25ad-781c-3ae22623fe0d.md">TransparentParent</a></td>
<td>Gets the control reference that is the parent for transparent drawing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3b663561-2807-e4cd-5c74-2097ab354a36.md">UpDownAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets how the up-down control will position the up down buttons relative to its text box.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="818d9ed1-e3cc-f47b-b20d-969081bfcc23.md">UpDownButtonStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the up and down buttons style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="de86689f-8861-7aff-74f6-d2c6ee16a419.md">UserEdit</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether a value has been entered by the user.<br />(Inherited from <a href="24aa0fe5-0782-ad49-0c73-9b2c5b1d2796.md">KryptonDomainUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="460147c0-1f7c-e923-e3d2-eb287df58813.md">KryptonDataGridViewDomainUpDownEditingControl Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
