# KryptonDataGridViewTextBoxCell Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the DataGridViewCell.DataGridViewCellAccessibleObject assigned to the DataGridViewCell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnIndex</td>
<td>Gets the column index for this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContentBounds</td>
<td>Gets the bounding rectangle that encloses the cell's content area.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStrip</td>
<td>Gets or sets the shortcut menu associated with the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataGridView</td>
<td>Gets the DataGridView control associated with this element.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultNewRowValue</td>
<td>Gets the default value for a cell in the row for new records.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Displayed</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the cell is currently displayed on-screen.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EditedFormattedValue</td>
<td>Gets the current, formatted value of the cell, regardless of whether the cell is in edit mode and the value has not been committed.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fb20d88a-06d2-c606-4174-95f142aac585.md">EditType</a></td>
<td>Define the type of the cell's editing control<br />(Overrides DataGridViewCell.EditType)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ErrorIconBounds</td>
<td>Gets the bounds of the error icon for the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ErrorText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the text describing an error condition associated with the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FormattedValue</td>
<td>Gets the value of the cell as formatted for display.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FormattedValueType</td>
<td>Gets the type of the formatted value associated with the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewTextBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Frozen</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the cell is frozen.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasStyle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the Style property has been set.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f6bed485-c966-e1d4-b24d-52cad346ce85.md">IconSpecs</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of the icon specifications.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InheritedState</td>
<td>Gets the current state of the cell as inherited from the state of its row and column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InheritedStyle</td>
<td>Gets the style currently applied to the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInEditMode</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this cell is currently being edited.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaxInputLength</td>
<td>Gets or sets the maximum number of characters that can be entered into the text box.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewTextBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="efd58a95-68d8-4eda-4eef-8aeb3d5a3f31.md">Multiline</a></td>
<td>The Multiline property replicates the one from the KryptonTextBox control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c39e28f9-b0bb-d52b-18ae-ae4d3f285fb2.md">MultilineStringEditor</a></td>
<td>The MultilineStringEditor property replicates the one from the KryptonTextBox control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OwningColumn</td>
<td>Gets the column that contains this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OwningRow</td>
<td>Gets the row that contains this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size, in pixels, of a rectangular area into which the cell can fit.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ReadOnly</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the cell's data can be edited.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Resizable</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the cell can be resized.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowIndex</td>
<td>Gets the index of the cell's parent row.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Selected</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the cell has been selected.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets the size of the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>State</td>
<td>Gets the user interface (UI) state of the element.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Style</td>
<td>Gets or sets the style for the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains supplemental data about the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolTipText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ToolTip text associated with this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Value</td>
<td>Gets or sets the value associated with this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a413c61c-893c-c2dd-51ef-afe5d570fef6.md">ValueType</a></td>
<td>Returns the type of the cell's Value property<br />(Overrides DataGridViewTextBoxCell.ValueType)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the cell is in a row or column that has been hidden.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="91f95759-e675-412d-1d3b-be12a0f61849.md">KryptonDataGridViewTextBoxCell Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
