# ToolkitStringValues Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b589c65d-7953-f549-487b-3f81108be992.md">Reset</a></td>
<td>Resets this instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="89125447-7146-8d24-8761-9e96b3c4743d.md">ResetButtonSpecStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the button spec style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="14af1ff3-ab88-2461-2d4f-0b6b6fb028ad.md">ResetColorStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the color strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="abb98ded-2acb-e9fa-53b9-ca87d2b29bff.md">ResetCustomStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the custom strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7415546c-8968-e066-e351-9cc44997281b.md">ResetDataGridViewStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the data grid view style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="059c8ad3-9812-9228-d320-463bd0efbfc0.md">ResetGeneralStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the general strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5914a77a-ab90-5432-ef21-e9f8a5b9d8b6.md">ResetGridStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the grid style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="da67d153-9edc-ab87-6cc9-26c351098249.md">ResetHeaderGroupCollapsedTargetStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the header group collapsed target strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2f12859c-9a25-0946-bd11-56a69e80c23d.md">ResetHeaderStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the header style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b11c4b81-c85f-c5e8-e5ca-11e97242c61b.md">ResetInputControlStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the input control style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7a36cfbf-978a-2836-32fd-2b6ac538b0ea.md">ResetIntegratedToolBarStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the integrated tool bar strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c78a6f83-9062-c61a-e1ef-9057fb9c9f44.md">ResetKryptonLinkBehaviorStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the krypton link behavior strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="57923bd1-274f-3298-5fa7-3b2ad41dc961.md">ResetKryptonScrollBarStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the krypton scroll bar strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="05c7a488-0d9d-b87f-db42-34e648167961.md">ResetLabelStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the label style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71cc5f28-f674-4016-6a9d-efe9832ac731.md">ResetPaletteBackStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the palette back style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8d97954f-34b9-ceeb-fec9-03a9f32c1f00.md">ResetPaletteBorderStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the palette border style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="73ccf9ab-b2a7-5f64-4727-022fe16f6c2b.md">ResetPaletteButtonOrientationStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the palette button orientation strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e910a17e-f855-617d-5c69-3e564d2076e5.md">ResetPaletteButtonSpecStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the palette button spec style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e1e559b-b452-0a52-4555-cc92c869d397.md">ResetPaletteContentStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the palette content style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b61a07c9-217b-a549-c4cc-6959b42d1eeb.md">ResetPaletteImageEffectStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the palette image effect strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2f2a21b7-b3d7-db93-3a71-9a8f986d6f0d.md">ResetPaletteImageStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the palette image style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="04b190c5-3b0c-e92b-a602-6c42ff51ddc2.md">ResetPaletteModeStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the palette mode strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a2f4dc4c-c31a-450a-1fa7-803de9ff8da1.md">ResetPaletteTextTrimStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the palette text trim strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3d8a6ade-1ce8-53d3-a24e-956a2ea3bcfa.md">ResetPlacementModeStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the placement mode strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b919d397-1f64-0572-bf9d-b2b551262f18.md">ResetSeparatorStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the separator style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1a854013-d443-b0ee-31c9-26e9a917633a.md">ResetTabBorderStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the tab border style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8786d514-994c-7f58-bd3e-c6bda2acdbf5.md">ResetTabStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the tab style strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f1add114-9ce4-f248-379c-980a3ee44347.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Converts to string.<br />(Overrides <a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">Storage.ToString()</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="17eaa1c0-4744-e2c6-9ebe-b78766940617.md">ToolkitStringValues Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
