# KryptonRibbonGroupTriple Class


Represents a ribbon group triple container.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Ribbon (in Krypton.Ribbon.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonRibbonGroupTriple : KryptonRibbonGroupContainer
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonRibbonGroupTriple
	Inherits KryptonRibbonGroupContainer
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>  →  <a href="3514ad7f-e218-1343-3dd0-ef6f9b497234.md">KryptonRibbonGroupContainer</a>  →  KryptonRibbonGroupTriple</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="c197a80a-2cba-a690-9c74-8adbe174c8dc.md">KryptonRibbonGroupTriple</a></td>
<td>Initialise a new instance of the KryptonRibbonGroupTriple class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="c9f41166-b541-4efc-c022-7bf3fad1b338.md">BindingContext</a></td>
<td><br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the component can raise an event.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302e2c6c-a240-ed7c-5bbf-0db525ef4a32.md">ChainVisible</a></td>
<td>Get a value indicating if all parent containers are visible.<br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="27c19a8c-9d52-40d5-9190-6d7fb79ce391.md">DataBindings</a></td>
<td>Retrieves the bindings for this control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5e6272ae-fa4d-2eb5-ede5-ba7c2af12554.md">ItemAlignment</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets how to align items in the medium and small item sizes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1795e348-1124-a8ad-59b9-40bd11213a1e.md">Items</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of ribbon group triple items.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6d798406-95a0-03c3-ab0e-dbe34915bcf4.md">MaximumSize</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the maximum allowed size of the container.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="afe3c298-2a9d-2acb-ceb9-62e36f1126d5.md">MinimumSize</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the minimum allowed size of the container.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ISite of the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8f0958de-84a9-b6c7-700f-32549d83cf88.md">Tag</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets user-defined data associated with the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9f5a1fb4-c4c4-f910-abda-9e0691f54dcd.md">ToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the Wrapped Controls Tooltips.<br />(Overrides <a href="ab122b1c-b5e5-dfd9-e66a-286ea03ea3cb.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem.ToolTipValues</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="69831349-70e5-2cad-ecb8-ccc29f25be39.md">Visible</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the visible state of the triple group container.<br />(Overrides KryptonRibbonGroupItem.Visible)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a1fa16f6-85db-3137-0f86-f24f125295bb.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Clean up any resources being used.<br />(Overrides Component.Dispose(Boolean))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="56ee73c3-099e-076d-0748-250e5fa4a71e.md">GetChildComponents</a></td>
<td>Gets an array of all the contained components.<br />(Overrides KryptonRibbonGroupContainer.GetChildComponents())</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="54c9e6b3-3593-d850-f62e-c117d91a48dd.md">Hide</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon group hidden.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e701a6ed-aced-98f1-ce1d-53c3746c601e.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4c31e104-2033-89a2-6523-f8f6d16791ca.md">ResetToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipValues property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7500cb69-0a52-9e2f-13cc-a935da0728be.md">Show</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon group visible.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d86548f1-175a-bccc-1d11-25d48d23c075.md">PropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs after the value of a property has changed.</td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="2b4a688f-28a6-a1ec-8dcf-1006667ef77f.md">_toolTipValues</a></td>
<td><br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon Namespace</a>  
