# PaletteRibbonContextDouble Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0c3d2cef-ac47-a2af-7246-f0c83be7a905.md">GetRibbonBackColor1</a></td>
<td>Gets the first background color for the ribbon item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1678d308-fbf8-c6a6-eb0f-d855ac78ae6e.md">GetRibbonBackColor2</a></td>
<td>Gets the second background color for the ribbon item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2700f728-be73-0e91-d8a9-8a73f7c989d9.md">GetRibbonBackColor3</a></td>
<td>Gets the third background color for the ribbon item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bd2c35dd-d0b3-4ab4-f4f1-02ef22d120fe.md">GetRibbonBackColor4</a></td>
<td>Gets the fourth background color for the ribbon item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f715cccb-20fc-e685-afaa-5d412a4f1895.md">GetRibbonBackColor5</a></td>
<td>Gets the fifth background color for the ribbon item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8f5c452a-98d0-e907-d679-4771225e5457.md">GetRibbonBackColorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background drawing style for the ribbon item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="40b9f0de-0894-067f-ccc0-76c8a7888291.md">GetRibbonTextColor</a></td>
<td>Gets the tab color for the item text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="60856d63-8cff-c72e-ac48-7d6cd1eaa64a.md">SetInherit</a></td>
<td>Sets the inheritance parent.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="65f0fbe5-062b-835a-1c1f-da4f7cfc054c.md">PaletteRibbonContextDouble Class</a>  
<a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon Namespace</a>  
