# ButtonDisplayLogic Class


Specifies how buttons using logic should be presented.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Navigator (in Krypton.Navigator.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
[TypeConverterAttribute(typeof(ButtonDisplayLogicConverter))]
public sealed class ButtonDisplayLogic : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
<TypeConverterAttribute(GetType(ButtonDisplayLogicConverter))>
Public NotInheritable Class ButtonDisplayLogic
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  ButtonDisplayLogic</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="15b2293f-7c7a-276e-f66b-b86456a163dc.md">Context</a></td>
<td>Specifies that the context button is presented.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cee977d5-a398-ae8b-45e8-84c308754e2e.md">ContextNextPrevious</a></td>
<td>Specifies that context, next and previous buttons are presented.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4c76f420-d358-dd10-9bcc-186c024cac73.md">NextPrevious</a></td>
<td>Specifies that next and previous buttons are presented.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c1108da1-3149-8ef5-5939-2fd424c2c1af.md">None</a></td>
<td>Specifies that no selection actions are presented.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a9695de7-49de-4bcf-3821-daee11638c11.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
