# KryptonRibbonTab Class


Represents a single ribbon tab.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Ribbon (in Krypton.Ribbon.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonRibbonTab : Component
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonRibbonTab
	Inherits Component
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  KryptonRibbonTab</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="fbe9398c-19f8-d63f-bffd-24e61dc33ac8.md">KryptonRibbonTab</a></td>
<td>Initialise a new instance of the KryptonRibbonTab class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the component can raise an event.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b6616030-887b-4ea6-2e06-ec6724066b34.md">ContextName</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the name of the context this tab is associated with.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="25fe2a78-102b-6764-e6f8-95980d9eb87b.md">Groups</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of ribbon tab groups.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="509b695c-d4eb-e47b-1997-ea7e43e976e7.md">KeyTip</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the key tip for the ribbon tab.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ISite of the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bf94f872-7294-9ccd-032c-fa8459451c57.md">Tag</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets user-defined data associated with the object.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="311aa2bf-98b4-f37e-50c7-c6344eeb895e.md">Text</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the display text for the ribbon tab.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a43e1e92-08ee-b420-a3e8-de624d51c0d2.md">Visible</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the visible state of the ribbon tab.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="df07b2c4-ba38-88fc-cd36-aa95e0c9cd8d.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Clean up any resources being used.<br />(Overrides Component.Dispose(Boolean))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8b63c1e-4f74-b9bc-df49-bf3c6647196d.md">Hide</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon tab hidden.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0fd30142-88d2-f8e7-03a5-c695aa63ebe0.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="91e9bc4f-3ef5-1928-c59e-fcd7054139b2.md">Show</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon tab visible.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="54b1e4f8-4bf2-3570-e5ec-100d0ac6fb07.md">PropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs after the value of a property has changed.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon Namespace</a>  
