# PaletteTabBorder Class


Implement storage for palette tab border details.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class PaletteTabBorder : PaletteBorder
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class PaletteTabBorder
	Inherits PaletteBorder
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>  →  <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>  →  PaletteTabBorder</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="729f1ef3-dfa8-8bd4-c9c8-5c3662369829.md">PaletteTabBorder</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the PaletteTabBorder class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="27640271-a311-2dfa-edf7-7034cfd07eab.md">Color1</a></td>
<td>Gets the first border color.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e45e8542-7325-4965-32cf-f5d0a81affea.md">Color2</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the second border color.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f98974c3-3927-238c-d957-8062b5c2cb40.md">ColorAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the color alignment.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="631d47a4-119d-f797-4fee-1c04c443b32f.md">ColorAngle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the color angle.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8b7053f1-177f-35d4-23cb-4cc0f0df8ded.md">ColorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the color drawing style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b128f583-df59-96f0-c25c-252db9d6cc0d.md">Draw</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if border should be drawn.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="052ce796-fde8-7bf1-6a92-fb4c933f2f0c.md">DrawBorders</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating which borders should be drawn.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2639a2f2-8ff6-52e1-a0bb-81a49f532883.md">GraphicsHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the graphics hint for drawing the border.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bf10e248-7ce6-e214-c5a5-7e13425a8548.md">Image</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border image.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8e4e7c36-43ef-f72d-d401-81de1b95d692.md">ImageAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the image alignment.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6980870a-6f31-c82b-4acc-d9fe2c6655d8.md">ImageStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border image style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="402758c4-083d-ca61-248e-211481177bc8.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all values are default.<br />(Overrides <a href="142be41f-a636-3d83-18f9-c45b697767da.md">PaletteBorder.IsDefault</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="097a0f47-e60c-4bf7-802c-8391c6d8feff.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="879ca7f2-32c5-8581-44f2-c7aee6491db2.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63d01cd3-17dc-560d-d736-a524597dc553.md">Rounding</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border rounding.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="47494b2c-a068-5820-86ae-fbe1f414e286.md">Width</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border width.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d6619b13-e181-1547-559d-6b4b286ee4b7.md">GetBorderColor1</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual first border color.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="30b510ab-c1c5-3860-b572-02c750fc0caf.md">GetBorderColor2</a></td>
<td>Gets the second border color.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d92d4b93-c004-6105-8d87-4a1bbbfe4549.md">GetBorderColorAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the color alignment style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8ef3047f-81b3-4cd6-27b3-8a72c659f27e.md">GetBorderColorAngle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color border angle.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1cbaf38e-2026-5ef5-fee3-084a76bba308.md">GetBorderColorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color drawing style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9b1bef87-a10b-6ed9-823a-930f53629f0f.md">GetBorderDraw</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual border draw value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e883bedf-d1f0-081c-0329-38c16a543a22.md">GetBorderDrawBorders</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual borders to draw value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="85c2906a-de6b-2391-9348-81797040b607.md">GetBorderGraphicsHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual border graphics hint value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6d09170c-6b88-ac52-98c4-4236cc3928b0.md">GetBorderImage</a></td>
<td>Gets a border image.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7c98c469-befc-2229-0428-9fb1b5724fd4.md">GetBorderImageAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the image alignment style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e01083d-f22c-447d-38b6-654e31ae098d.md">GetBorderImageStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the border image style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="02c8f131-cd7d-8ecd-c2ff-cf481bdb9b65.md">GetBorderRounding</a></td>
<td>Gets the border rounding.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="78ff5620-bb96-0852-a66c-224dcea8d5f9.md">GetBorderWidth</a></td>
<td>Gets the border width.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e2b19248-0f02-159b-1425-c178d94880e6.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e3399e99-963f-436c-fc52-0622dc00afee.md">PopulateFromBase</a></td>
<td>Populate values from the base palette.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="631506ad-1f22-39ff-60b5-36f3a8c80355.md">SetInherit</a></td>
<td>Sets the inheritance parent.<br />(Inherited from <a href="58309837-6402-8fdf-d9e1-eeab3ebd89bb.md">PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
