# KryptonDataGridViewNumericUpDownEditingControl Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="181974c3-220a-4e7a-499a-ab3ae8bb284b.md">AllowButtonSpecToolTipPriority</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if button spec tooltips should remove the parent tooltip.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="881785cb-d285-686b-5041-9e0b8a4feb87.md">AllowButtonSpecToolTips</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if tooltips should be Displayed for button specs.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="74542fe3-31ba-ff1f-b4e6-91433cd9fd5b.md">AllowDecimals</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets whether the control accepts decimal values.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can accept data that the user drags onto it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="672c7a27-1621-8246-1ca9-a1ab0702956a.md">AlwaysActive</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets Determines if the control is always active or only when the mouse is over the control or has focus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a6249b1a-9423-573a-befa-113d1fd45a1e.md">Anchor</a></td>
<td>https://github.com/Krypton-Suite/Standard-Toolkit/issues/688<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fd6b68e4-986a-bc26-abc7-d96d628c0a26.md">BackColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background color for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1cb9b3f1-d625-1f75-6f48-9cd33918e4c4.md">BackgroundImage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fbcec284-5d61-c094-4119-30a008179f8c.md">BackgroundImageLayout</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image layout.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4da5d6ee-e9a8-afb2-77fb-c3a16035644e.md">ButtonSpecs</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of button specifications.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c7f8b46d-87fe-ac80-f14c-185a040e4b8a.md">ContainedControl</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the contained input control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1139b034-ebf7-8222-6fa7-4a384b30120d.md">ContextMenuStrip</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the associated context menu strip.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Controls</td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c1d29c9b-69de-a6e0-195e-e1b588f87e49.md">CornerRoundingRadius</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the corner rounding radius.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateParams</td>
<td>Gets the required creation parameters when the control handle is created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="829f9bd9-a1e2-1afe-d917-2db7866d3e64.md">DecimalPlaces</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the number of decimal places to display.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c8babbfc-3ebe-1a80-6878-075459ca3dd3.md">DefaultSize</a></td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="02158c0a-6fde-9eb1-4491-19af69dbf13c.md">DisplayRectangle</a></td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the display area of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dock</td>
<td>Gets or sets which control borders are docked to its parent control and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="311be555-17d8-f5d6-55dd-5658a6daa182.md">EditingControlDataGridView</a></td>
<td>Property which caches the grid that uses this editing control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="25c0abd4-3066-b7d3-3c26-c414fd48f551.md">EditingControlFormattedValue</a></td>
<td>Property which represents the current formatted value of the editing control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="693a4ed4-b797-2963-2633-d7c6a401f4a6.md">EditingControlRowIndex</a></td>
<td>Property which represents the row in which the editing control resides</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="05164b13-2f97-bf9b-b558-f46ad7f98c38.md">EditingControlValueChanged</a></td>
<td>Property which indicates whether the value of the editing control has changed or not</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3db49bb3-5cf0-52ff-bbd5-01eb5c74116e.md">EditingPanelCursor</a></td>
<td>Property which determines which cursor must be used for the editing panel, i.e. the parent of the editing control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f77f144-461b-e0c7-d404-e98cb632abe2.md">EvalInvokePaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to use Invoke to force a repaint.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="68df23b3-cb88-a91d-a1b0-f5e86766e83b.md">Focused</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="feff5b38-a897-4dcd-5dcf-ef7288d8fde0.md">Font</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the font of the text Displayed by the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7dc2013a-48ce-d8f2-4a80-bb9e74859430.md">ForeColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the foreground color for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c635dc72-052b-7e4a-4362-f3602b3d3d8f.md">Hexadecimal</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets weather the numeric up-down should display its value in hexadecimal.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="717497fa-19d9-94d1-a5b7-f06dab4693f6.md">Increment</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the amount to increment or decrement one each button click.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ecbbcd7a-5ffa-bb7e-844d-eda797b8cdf5.md">InputControlStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the input control style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a5908157-a825-ed91-4e00-e02681354483.md">InterceptArrowKeys</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets whether the up-down control will increment and decrement the value when the UP ARROW and DOWN ARROW are used.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19e559e5-49d6-6837-1d3e-bd30310c9e4b.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the KryptonContextMenu to show when right clicked.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f7f39e32-bc9c-5be3-59f8-8fb46bbac3fe.md">Maximum</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the maximum value for the numeric up-down control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the upper limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a7e5cac4-5ed9-46f2-03c1-a7ed76cd2148.md">Minimum</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the minimum value for the numeric up-down control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the lower limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e8e19cb-0b87-5a93-8dae-ba685ab768d3.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd0acfd2-24e3-79cc-4d0e-393dc3db77cf.md">NeedPaintPaletteDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint palette delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76de231e-1e7e-f794-8483-ddea441042ee.md">NeedTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if transparent paint is needed<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31e13ac5-88b6-6800-b2f2-3d8dddb3831d.md">NumericUpDown</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the contained NumericUpDown instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets padding within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0cd21a8-cecb-c891-532e-34ba62c82f21.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41c3411b-ffb0-095e-47b4-fc6ce7c5db17.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bdd282c0-4f09-5ef4-2d37-7a42de22134a.md">ReadOnly</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the text in the edit control can be changed or not.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="177219af-8f43-9c87-623d-ff4ae2155849.md">Redirector</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the palette redirector.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81eeb3c2-d939-1525-0987-b9cd7d94af7d.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a3159b2f-3e6d-bba2-5d94-ebafb9e005d8.md">RepositionEditingControlOnValueChange</a></td>
<td>Property which indicates whether the editing control needs to be repositioned when its value changes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c142cb04-c132-0b15-a7d3-7f7b61361aac.md">StateActive</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the active textbox appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cab964d9-56d8-60f0-5b67-f5bfb9b7dd77.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common textbox appearance entries that other states can override.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c1aeb119-faad-57d2-abe3-e773a8ff67dc.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled textbox appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="817e1d83-9ff7-2d3f-10ec-5caad4b19d80.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal textbox appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d19604fc-b62c-b298-8d3c-783e61f5e967.md">TabStop</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the control is in the tab chain.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="96612c76-e458-2c95-9497-a5a1f01ef517.md">ThousandsSeparator</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets whether the thousands separator wil be inserted between each three decimal digits.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4cf33701-defd-afbc-5c61-05eac2a53d9d.md">ToolTipManager</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ToolTipManager used for displaying tool tips.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7bc15b0f-7b9c-1821-d705-0229ee9c0438.md">ToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the button content.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="38dbf645-6534-4e48-95ca-a6150ddfd71f.md">TrailingZeroes</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets whether the control displays trailing zeroes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f51f7937-adcf-25ad-781c-3ae22623fe0d.md">TransparentParent</a></td>
<td>Gets the control reference that is the parent for transparent drawing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="013509aa-cb73-478d-b06c-60866b591456.md">UpDownAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets how the up-down control will position the up down buttons relative to its text box.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ff0abeec-c443-a5c8-22f0-1d45a78e9753.md">UpDownButtonStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the up and down buttons style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aa266219-cf65-5359-1289-932f5e759575.md">UseMnemonic</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether mnemonics will fire button spec buttons.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9d7daf6c-9e49-e5c4-ecbd-cba51cdb536e.md">UserEdit</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether a value has been entered by the user.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2cec4528-de82-d2b7-d9d5-abcae46133f6.md">Value</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the current value of the numeric up-down control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f775e1c8-d9c8-e1fb-1da4-8807a9c2f3fc.md">KryptonNumericUpDown</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="70fde2c9-103f-75d0-6395-49d760adec2b.md">KryptonDataGridViewNumericUpDownEditingControl Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
