# KryptonInternalKCT Class


\[Missing &lt;summary&gt; documentation for "T:Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonInternalKCT"\]



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonInternalKCT : KryptonColorTable
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonInternalKCT
	Inherits KryptonColorTable
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ProfessionalColorTable  →  <a href="dea02866-c4bb-a4a9-94c0-3c39ed614761.md">KryptonColorTable</a>  →  KryptonInternalKCT</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="c0c7fef6-b501-4fa8-057f-8eb69ccc6a8d.md">KryptonInternalKCT</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonInternalKCT class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="eefea013-9641-caeb-e6d2-e2cb205dabab.md">ButtonCheckedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used when the button is checked.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="489b6dda-fc14-0be2-2de2-548153d5ee79.md">ButtonCheckedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used when the button is checked.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="704a412c-c864-3a18-614d-2d6e725e82cc.md">ButtonCheckedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used when the button is checked.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4c5e9535-3e17-70ce-8e61-74b6b05fa77e.md">ButtonCheckedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Gets the solid color used when the button is checked.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedHighlight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7d3ba384-cd4a-d4c5-d42a-5fdb4a49c856.md">ButtonCheckedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color to use with ButtonCheckedHighlight.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedHighlightBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b84d3284-9ac8-93a2-12ae-21cff888bee5.md">ButtonPressedBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color to use with the ButtonPressedGradientBegin, ButtonPressedGradientMiddle, and ButtonPressedGradientEnd colors.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="04be2906-6de9-2f28-64e4-21431425ac1c.md">ButtonPressedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used when the button is pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3365ecae-66a8-952d-138b-33a9cf48afc0.md">ButtonPressedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used when the button is pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0829d32a-30c4-525d-0a24-169aae4d0108.md">ButtonPressedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used when the button is pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="427a434e-ef25-3a07-bf5d-7898d68ae6c7.md">ButtonPressedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Gets the solid color used when the button is pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedHighlight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6ff93b6b-6605-8f1b-0ffe-63ba72f3c77f.md">ButtonPressedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color to use with ButtonPressedHighlight.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedHighlightBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b1c3d3d8-56e2-2b7f-07c4-4f49bf988659.md">ButtonSelectedBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color to use with the ButtonSelectedGradientBegin, ButtonSelectedGradientMiddle, and ButtonSelectedGradientEnd colors.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ff8714e6-06a1-cce0-995e-c1175dd57f01.md">ButtonSelectedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used when the button is selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0069312b-be84-c057-9b52-7ddf85acc020.md">ButtonSelectedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used when the button is selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="415f6ce9-0079-0a7c-dfde-da4d3f46ba7e.md">ButtonSelectedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used when the button is selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0c0d7f0-7789-867a-6119-6b3063b4ad89.md">ButtonSelectedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Gets the solid color used when the button is selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedHighlight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a66c4b4f-0f28-d59c-08ec-151c2acd97a1.md">ButtonSelectedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color to use with ButtonSelectedHighlight.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedHighlightBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="458b3932-4232-59db-d0be-1bfc4559e434.md">CheckBackground</a></td>
<td>Gets the solid color to use when the button is checked and gradients are being used.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.CheckBackground)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5fb91274-c405-b167-5f56-bbeea25c8b24.md">CheckPressedBackground</a></td>
<td>Gets the solid color to use when the button is checked and selected and gradients are being used.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.CheckPressedBackground)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="167e6426-6cbd-d8c4-0907-45287ac7d564.md">CheckSelectedBackground</a></td>
<td>Gets the solid color to use when the button is checked and selected and gradients are being used.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.CheckSelectedBackground)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3e56e9a9-7816-6c4e-361f-adbb2716d060.md">GripDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the color to use for shadow effects on the grip (move handle).<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.GripDark)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="08e88349-6f79-5f8f-384f-861f6128a3a5.md">GripLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the color to use for highlight effects on the grip (move handle).<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.GripLight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3b05d739-a4b7-5c4e-0a5d-c9edac01a174.md">ImageMarginGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e6faab2c-3a18-aba9-766b-2df469a48804.md">ImageMarginGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="03246b92-cccd-c281-1bc2-3473e7bb0bc4.md">ImageMarginGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6189f8c5-0358-3665-9cd6-a752347e256b.md">ImageMarginRevealedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu when an item is revealed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginRevealedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="afee282e-4a65-a995-3974-6e3ca675e06e.md">ImageMarginRevealedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu when an item is revealed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginRevealedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="38dfe2bb-3cad-55ce-b5ce-698ccf22cc0d.md">ImageMarginRevealedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu when an item is revealed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginRevealedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b384b26d-799a-0f4a-3276-c91e1ac16c24.md">InternalButtonCheckedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ButtonCheckedGradientBegin value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f063e448-bcda-0ea6-3ad7-9c856cb0129f.md">InternalButtonCheckedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ButtonCheckedGradientEnd value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41d49604-1a7e-8bac-795a-60d60585645f.md">InternalButtonCheckedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ButtonCheckedGradientMiddle value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0a45db24-3399-e846-c68c-caea5eadc722.md">InternalButtonCheckedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ButtonCheckedHighlight value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c2b40978-c3f8-1093-749b-4f2c21a65285.md">InternalButtonCheckedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ButtonCheckedHighlightBorder value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0fc69ce8-deae-c120-6e9b-b0d139f42545.md">InternalButtonPressedBorder</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ButtonPressedBorder value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9e8e4de2-d566-edd6-679a-5878d2b8f65d.md">InternalButtonPressedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ButtonPressedGradientBegin value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4065ac06-91dc-f988-495e-533c994595a8.md">InternalButtonPressedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ButtonPressedGradientEnd value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c6e348d1-6185-7f86-f4a8-6f29c297d713.md">InternalButtonPressedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ButtonPressedGradientMiddle value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e53b629f-e4ac-b99f-8d06-c93bf623f32c.md">InternalButtonPressedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ButtonPressedHighlight value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6202cd19-3855-7ba1-43e4-fa4852575c60.md">InternalButtonPressedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ButtonPressedHighlightBorder value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c0705da8-1afc-ba07-ee85-ae2112123571.md">InternalButtonSelectedBorder</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ButtonSelectedBorder value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bdb6816a-4036-bc06-288b-5a09f0f8d239.md">InternalButtonSelectedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ButtonSelectedGradientBegin value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4db2303b-88e4-b23c-bdb5-4ee4792994be.md">InternalButtonSelectedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ButtonSelectedGradientEnd value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8738ea10-6fe2-3794-7ebf-4af76d834623.md">InternalButtonSelectedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ButtonSelectedGradientMiddle value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d23bd0f7-3a0a-1f27-9bcf-43a0125b48f5.md">InternalButtonSelectedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ButtonSelectedHighlight value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6e1be12a-f9f8-64fb-cd1e-66af76b3f296.md">InternalButtonSelectedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ButtonSelectedHighlightBorder value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e7862cc7-44f9-c0f9-16b1-4c13ea3d0a8a.md">InternalCheckBackground</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal CheckBackground value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e4d2135f-9991-fa3c-9501-527752c07318.md">InternalCheckPressedBackground</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal CheckPressedBackground value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3affe2e7-d4db-74f7-7882-85ee6521ad5c.md">InternalCheckSelectedBackground</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal CheckSelectedBackground value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cbdfa0f0-00b2-10c8-afda-70f8f8979423.md">InternalGripDark</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal GripDark value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c8c3ccce-5200-b764-455e-81d177b54fe1.md">InternalGripLight</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal GripLight value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="34cc5f58-777c-7020-f40f-cf22e3461105.md">InternalImageMarginGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ImageMarginGradientBegin value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ea09283b-a281-7d85-6d01-e3aee4339c79.md">InternalImageMarginGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ImageMarginGradientEnd value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="45ebcb21-304f-3f56-001e-7017b278a949.md">InternalImageMarginGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ImageMarginGradientMiddle value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="910e3573-895a-d4e4-5843-5646e9b6b8a6.md">InternalImageMarginRevealedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ImageMarginRevealedGradientBegin value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b17316bb-cc1f-f290-971b-98b905be2596.md">InternalImageMarginRevealedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ImageMarginRevealedGradientEnd value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0982d395-2e15-50d3-327b-363bc74d5059.md">InternalImageMarginRevealedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ImageMarginRevealedGradientMiddle value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6d03a0f1-4e53-64d2-4e20-fe93fe68f46e.md">InternalMenuBorder</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal MenuBorder value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="471d736e-d6d6-91dd-3fc0-47411931daff.md">InternalMenuItemBorder</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal MenuItemBorder value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="46326b71-2ac0-7e0a-762e-ae79bddb939b.md">InternalMenuItemPressedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal MenuItemPressedGradientBegin value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e27b1374-6f16-4dcd-d3e8-3de2e152ae22.md">InternalMenuItemPressedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal MenuItemPressedGradientEnd value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b34ddb27-aba7-bcb5-a528-fd4505c850f8.md">InternalMenuItemPressedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal MenuItemPressedGradientMiddle value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4a4165c4-bc81-5877-3576-080b7131d1ac.md">InternalMenuItemSelected</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal MenuItemSelected value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bdd09f06-5481-94dd-3ab0-5075552c6d22.md">InternalMenuItemSelectedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal MenuItemSelectedGradientBegin value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0a0335a9-5e4f-aa78-08b7-181402861f3d.md">InternalMenuItemSelectedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal MenuItemSelectedGradientEnd value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e80fa1de-b7d3-28c9-07b2-38a9a42a5229.md">InternalMenuItemText</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal MenuItemText value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7193c3c8-21a4-fca7-6cd3-492e9f2d2bb8.md">InternalMenuStripFont</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal MenuStripFont value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="023e40f0-6746-df5f-0f60-bf276ff0c265.md">InternalMenuStripGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal MenuStripGradientBegin value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="18c38c5c-97ec-5785-63f5-9b22aa06ce7e.md">InternalMenuStripGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal MenuStripGradientEnd value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3bd76874-05ee-6b73-6afe-5e2ce8e4f6ed.md">InternalMenuStripText</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal MenuStripText value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a839f2f4-e6a1-c128-f891-330f806a820e.md">InternalOverflowButtonGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal OverflowButtonGradientBegin value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ce5ed345-2fcc-3a46-a5cb-6dd47ab3d5b3.md">InternalOverflowButtonGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal OverflowButtonGradientEnd value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ce6e5a0b-a568-fd18-a8bc-8669b03369dc.md">InternalOverflowButtonGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal OverflowButtonGradientMiddle value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="98e69e6e-e257-900a-38e5-3272d1bca0f1.md">InternalRaftingContainerGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal RaftingContainerGradientBegin value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4a511115-3d3b-5781-f463-a504e051c209.md">InternalRaftingContainerGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal RaftingContainerGradientEnd value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="16b4e191-e4c7-3d80-924e-0ab64fbdc9d2.md">InternalSeparatorDark</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal SeparatorDark value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eaf79c97-f621-fa82-3825-5deaa9ea3f37.md">InternalSeparatorLight</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal SeparatorLight value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a687680a-5aa4-9d1a-6cea-88f45b72e665.md">InternalStatusStripFont</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal StatusStripFont value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ebeace83-b15e-84ed-8f7c-befaf3832111.md">InternalStatusStripGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal StatusStripGradientBegin value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8b81a7e5-5085-3aaf-3945-fc7e193dd61b.md">InternalStatusStripGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal StatusStripGradientEnd value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="200cea56-5a9b-e6ce-682d-cdd74e396e32.md">InternalStatusStripText</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal StatusStripText value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e0db057d-1345-265d-fa53-ae3158d1c4f2.md">InternalToolStripBorder</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ToolStripBorder value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cb0d90c4-b137-0532-b34f-a7dbc02c3b5e.md">InternalToolStripContentPanelGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ToolStripContentPanelGradientBegin value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="56be49af-0e1d-f083-8e3f-79af9e3b186b.md">InternalToolStripContentPanelGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ToolStripContentPanelGradientEnd value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ff866f0e-069d-ad56-4456-7e24fe75d141.md">InternalToolStripDropDownBackground</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ToolStripDropDownBackground value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9203c968-4313-898b-9e1f-8c4283a9cc71.md">InternalToolStripFont</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ToolStripFont value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="01843cb0-78ce-133a-3278-faed8aed1c89.md">InternalToolStripGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ToolStripGradientBegin value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="36715180-9087-2f24-b6e7-e0c261955aee.md">InternalToolStripGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ToolStripGradientEnd value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1a9bf9b3-5d3b-254e-1cac-9e8d5ac78058.md">InternalToolStripGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ToolStripGradientMiddle value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aef3879c-784c-cbb1-8665-323f58580d6f.md">InternalToolStripPanelGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ToolStripPanelGradientBegin value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8cef1c9a-d766-9ace-18f6-2260da0a7ea6.md">InternalToolStripPanelGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ToolStripPanelGradientEnd value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c8391a11-11ac-cdae-cd24-19098829273e.md">InternalToolStripText</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal ToolStripText value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2c6d2975-20f1-518f-1b19-fea0dc8573aa.md">InternalUseRoundedEdges</a></td>
<td>Sets and sets the internal UseRoundedEdges value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4c8cacb7-4660-3d26-cfff-4338215626de.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all values are default.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c26dfe77-b557-7d8a-0ad2-0d31accabcb6.md">MenuBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the color that is the border color to use on a MenuStrip.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="26b6e9f1-b1f9-4bd2-501e-decb56becb89.md">MenuItemBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color to use with a ToolStripMenuItem.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="23247295-e894-94fb-d2ba-325e3f29507a.md">MenuItemPressedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemPressedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="20550d24-55cf-5603-1ed0-be65d9b99965.md">MenuItemPressedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemPressedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="affbd396-c78a-9b92-fa67-a5611f1822d4.md">MenuItemPressedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemPressedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eaf7ef47-2f98-d0b7-a240-b5881b575fba.md">MenuItemSelected</a></td>
<td>Gets the solid color to use when a ToolStripMenuItem other than the top-level ToolStripMenuItem is selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemSelected)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0c3c5b9a-ef8a-234c-158d-f10666a60fdb.md">MenuItemSelectedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used when the ToolStripMenuItem is selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemSelectedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1055c273-0b3e-3c32-e6db-5a6dfd57028f.md">MenuItemSelectedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used when the ToolStripMenuItem is selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemSelectedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="94b81215-435a-bea4-593e-d6b0eb71aec1.md">MenuItemText</a></td>
<td>Gets the color used to draw menu item text.<br />(Overrides <a href="bf5ef5b1-9be2-555a-03e6-f3a4f8cbfdcc.md">KryptonColorTable.MenuItemText</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="08c18405-46d0-b1b3-0975-3b83546a64f6.md">MenuStripFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font used to draw text on a status strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="b6ef872c-406f-7471-482e-2ec54dce7743.md">KryptonColorTable.MenuStripFont</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2de6e7b7-7c63-7ae5-e69e-a4a6b8068645.md">MenuStripGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the MenuStrip.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuStripGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="095c1312-c570-426e-4f2c-857c5ffb4614.md">MenuStripGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the MenuStrip.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuStripGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0e267b18-8718-c206-230b-ed13282d297b.md">MenuStripText</a></td>
<td>Gets the color used to draw text on a menu strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="a1a476de-b35c-977c-1f23-fef0e03abc48.md">KryptonColorTable.MenuStripText</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b8ee5cf4-ed48-578b-b0c1-85c840f6d255.md">OverflowButtonGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.OverflowButtonGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3336ed8a-619a-672f-96fb-03fd51cfe0b0.md">OverflowButtonGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.OverflowButtonGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ce7653b3-1744-81f4-b8d0-f06b98982c23.md">OverflowButtonGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.OverflowButtonGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5402a30e-107d-4479-d1f2-397262be6b24.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets the associated palette instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="dea02866-c4bb-a4a9-94c0-3c39ed614761.md">KryptonColorTable</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8e468b8f-5c86-db6d-5438-e8dd3e4606b5.md">RaftingContainerGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripContainer.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.RaftingContainerGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="23825b68-a21d-d2af-abda-6530d8083039.md">RaftingContainerGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripContainer.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.RaftingContainerGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="49c1c4ca-73df-7708-1185-3bc02147a70d.md">SeparatorDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the color to use to for shadow effects on the ToolStripSeparator.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.SeparatorDark)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="09cb6d42-63d4-36fe-3324-220199e4c884.md">SeparatorLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the color to use to for highlight effects on the ToolStripSeparator.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.SeparatorLight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StatusStripBorder</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d251d4fe-1b40-f99a-7ec8-8121d62eb1cf.md">StatusStripFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font used to draw text on a status strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="9ebed260-f09c-e4cb-fe1f-c316142558e7.md">KryptonColorTable.StatusStripFont</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ef69985f-52a2-3de0-5c9e-6c950628b49a.md">StatusStripGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used on the StatusStrip.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.StatusStripGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4429ca0b-1a1f-2729-9a17-553bc3ac2b9d.md">StatusStripGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used on the StatusStrip.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.StatusStripGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eb07086c-e522-1ded-a4a8-059ad2a34c96.md">StatusStripText</a></td>
<td>Gets the color used to draw text on a status strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="01632758-e1ce-3543-6a11-29f340b923e5.md">KryptonColorTable.StatusStripText</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="456310fe-3090-0c49-00d5-76e0b04e3696.md">ToolStripBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color to use on the bottom edge of the ToolStrip.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ebbfd41a-06ad-5f85-4352-00760df55e7e.md">ToolStripContentPanelGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripContentPanel.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripContentPanelGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="34b8fab8-0234-2dae-64fb-995c58c3d260.md">ToolStripContentPanelGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripContentPanel.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripContentPanelGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a78c85ed-79d2-3c94-074d-485ad3364dab.md">ToolStripDropDownBackground</a></td>
<td>Gets the solid background color of the ToolStripDropDown.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripDropDownBackground)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="606ff808-8f52-f35a-fd24-5b9a03115dd1.md">ToolStripFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font used to draw text on a tool strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="f4298298-46cc-e27b-a4cb-8add7f253083.md">KryptonColorTable.ToolStripFont</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="02de8385-8a0c-86de-42eb-f1bf4c192dd6.md">ToolStripGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="47726880-34bd-c5d7-7786-d22772bf72f3.md">ToolStripGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e0ef974a-5f1c-2ddd-b5a5-33c68921c72a.md">ToolStripGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2752527d-0bba-36c8-5300-4ce42fa062ab.md">ToolStripPanelGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripPanel.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripPanelGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ae5d7b89-9bc6-fcd3-180a-7ac33ebef9fa.md">ToolStripPanelGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripPanel.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripPanelGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1ae62749-2c95-8701-06d8-97d6f68ede21.md">ToolStripText</a></td>
<td>Gets the color used to draw text on a tool strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="79d91581-1635-df06-699e-90c821c48509.md">KryptonColorTable.ToolStripText</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="84b8d836-15f6-3761-3a3a-0874b4f3b68d.md">UseRoundedEdges</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if rounded egdes are required.<br />(Overrides <a href="16893f9b-41f9-0398-61d5-ab2e1a31331c.md">KryptonColorTable.UseRoundedEdges</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseSystemColors</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use SystemColors rather than colors that match the current visual style.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
