# DictItemBase Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Add</td>
<td>Adds the specified key and value to the dictionary.<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(<a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>, <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Clear</td>
<td>Removes all keys and values from the Dictionary(TKey, TValue).<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(<a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>, <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsKey</td>
<td>Determines whether the Dictionary(TKey, TValue) contains the specified key.<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(<a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>, <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsValue</td>
<td>Determines whether the Dictionary(TKey, TValue) contains a specific value.<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(<a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>, <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetEnumerator</td>
<td>Returns an enumerator that iterates through the Dictionary(TKey, TValue).<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(<a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>, <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetObjectData</td>
<td>Implements the ISerializable interface and returns the data needed to serialize the Dictionary(TKey, TValue) instance.<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(<a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>, <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDeserialization</td>
<td>Implements the ISerializable interface and raises the deserialization event when the deserialization is complete.<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(<a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>, <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Remove</td>
<td>Removes the value with the specified key from the Dictionary(TKey, TValue).<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(<a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>, <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TryGetValue</td>
<td>Gets the value associated with the specified key.<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(<a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>, <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>))</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="000ead8a-d6a7-f15d-1f2d-170076fa29a3.md">KryptonContextMenuCollectionEditor.KryptonContextMenuCollectionForm.DictItemBase Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
