# KryptonPaletteTMSButton Class


Storage for button entries of the professional color table.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonPaletteTMSButton : KryptonPaletteTMSBase
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonPaletteTMSButton
	Inherits KryptonPaletteTMSBase
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>  →  <a href="63ad22d3-cc18-6967-c543-6728353357a3.md">KryptonPaletteTMSBase</a>  →  KryptonPaletteTMSButton</td></tr>
</table>



## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="fbf178b5-adac-0a09-8bbd-cca2c26989a5.md">ButtonCheckedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the starting color of the gradient used when the button is checked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="56ca5eca-f387-32c6-4f66-ecaa019f877c.md">ButtonCheckedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ending color of the gradient used when the button is checked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="df442083-7249-200e-eea3-61ed92c93a49.md">ButtonCheckedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the middle color of the gradient used when the button is checked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1c928374-d3bc-2555-0227-95e589563369.md">ButtonCheckedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the highlight color used when the button is checked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5eda5498-0f71-6be6-7009-62f1c0851851.md">ButtonCheckedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border color to use with ButtonCheckedHighlight.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c3d487b6-a65f-e7b2-88cc-7e09ca6dd2fb.md">ButtonPressedBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border color to use with the ButtonPressedGradientBegin, ButtonPressedGradientMiddle, and ButtonPressedGradientEnd colors.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="030fbbd2-610c-ea30-ff58-9e753b947908.md">ButtonPressedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the starting color of the gradient used when the button is pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f60cd046-a769-e1cb-4614-697d58aa1adb.md">ButtonPressedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ending color of the gradient used when the button is pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="79ffb234-37e0-e2bd-5e11-4eea9bedf561.md">ButtonPressedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the middle color of the gradient used when the button is pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2ebd30f1-d5f9-b369-ab41-dbfa963d5d09.md">ButtonPressedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the solid color used when the button is pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ae234b48-dab9-01dd-4df0-8c02bf8f7915.md">ButtonPressedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border color to use with ButtonPressedHighlight.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4b7fdae4-f6b6-08b9-d553-4b15f3a766e7.md">ButtonSelectedBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border color to use with the ButtonSelectedGradientBegin, ButtonSelectedGradientMiddle, and ButtonSelectedGradientEnd colors.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aa210922-701b-c702-7a2d-f871b660b1c7.md">ButtonSelectedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the starting color of the gradient used when the button is selected.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="411db632-2ccd-4670-ae2c-4c1fac3034be.md">ButtonSelectedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ending color of the gradient used when the button is selected.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b87c7377-3d3a-5447-db0c-3a544c0b880e.md">ButtonSelectedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the middle color of the gradient used when the button is selected.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2f6811be-6131-9340-61c2-dda09811f33a.md">ButtonSelectedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the solid color used when the button is selected.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="303d9b43-fbd9-4170-7460-99518a9f038f.md">ButtonSelectedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border color to use with ButtonSelectedHighlight.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b4de8a38-b2cd-6f90-c4af-d0e5fd237869.md">CheckBackground</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the solid color to use when the button is checked and gradients are being used.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="104a7545-12b9-8fa2-968a-fb6c05769fd1.md">CheckPressedBackground</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the solid color to use when the button is checked and selected and gradients are being used.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aca51c48-147f-5dd2-e359-a16af1c1f822.md">CheckSelectedBackground</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the solid color to use when the button is checked and selected and gradients are being used.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="03ca2ee7-2e89-e414-2146-ab590d679489.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all values are default.<br />(Overrides <a href="bbc0e831-9474-3bce-65dc-0625d793d8c1.md">Storage.IsDefault</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="097a0f47-e60c-4bf7-802c-8391c6d8feff.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="879ca7f2-32c5-8581-44f2-c7aee6491db2.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2bb6dcdf-e7a6-20f5-0b7b-978c2073087d.md">OverflowButtonGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f98c0a48-c7e4-7319-c209-53596634f609.md">OverflowButtonGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ending color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b854e61b-81c6-f5c2-0da7-517a5dc9b029.md">OverflowButtonGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the middle color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5d065603-aa52-4c16-8bb5-4d396790a8e5.md">PopulateFromBase</a></td>
<td>Populate values from the base palette.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bca03a79-36e0-c494-622e-2f66cf14bb46.md">ResetButtonCheckedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Resets the ButtonCheckedGradientBegin property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6e63870a-de72-d801-096a-4f20e606f7ec.md">ResetButtonCheckedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Resets the ButtonCheckedGradientEnd property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="779122f3-ea9e-604d-d7f7-357bca4af32e.md">ResetButtonCheckedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Resets the ButtonCheckedGradientMiddle property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="069a6371-ebd7-c1da-49d3-9803eeec5ed0.md">ResetButtonCheckedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Resets the ButtonCheckedHighlight property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b2abeafc-608f-d080-2316-9bbaa384bd68.md">ResetButtonCheckedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Resets the ButtonCheckedHighlightBorder property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="16e08860-7129-abcd-fe85-f18407531367.md">ResetButtonPressedBorder</a></td>
<td>Resets the ButtonPressedBorder property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4d8f6d8a-a986-a959-afe4-d7c19f564232.md">ResetButtonPressedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Resets the ButtonPressedGradientBegin property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b81d1e19-8014-7fc6-1301-2614251b475d.md">ResetButtonPressedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Resets the ButtonPressedGradientEnd property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="118401b8-94e2-8d0f-5ea0-d376e897880f.md">ResetButtonPressedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Resets the ButtonPressedGradientMiddle property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76a66829-eba9-50dd-d629-c2a6a3f1e8a9.md">ResetButtonPressedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Resets the ButtonPressedHighlight property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d3c70a46-3123-10f7-9963-438a2d0772ec.md">ResetButtonPressedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Resets the ButtonPressedHighlightBorder property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="db6dcaaf-7231-096e-1c1c-04b9aa0e884d.md">ResetButtonSelectedBorder</a></td>
<td>Resets the ButtonSelectedBorder property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="354b64ea-e336-640c-a48e-c1b88bdb23a4.md">ResetButtonSelectedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Resets the ButtonSelectedGradientBegin property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bd86d624-6dca-70b6-89da-beedaa403234.md">ResetButtonSelectedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Resets the ButtonSelectedGradientEnd property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="20d19ea8-f466-9bde-b59c-0ecf37526a35.md">ResetButtonSelectedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Resets the ButtonSelectedGradientMiddle property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="26a7fc52-10d4-038e-f161-6e483dc63b3e.md">ResetButtonSelectedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Resets the ButtonSelectedHighlight property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1656cdcb-6133-3018-bc99-9d1e5c5d12d0.md">ResetButtonSelectedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Resets the ButtonSelectedHighlightBorder property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0ce2fd41-163f-db33-8c03-fb537fc1914c.md">ResetCheckBackground</a></td>
<td>esets the CheckBackground property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4eb4f28b-9fdc-d068-8dd7-316d936826bc.md">ResetCheckPressedBackground</a></td>
<td>esets the CheckPressedBackground property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2717d9e0-b489-e7cd-bc17-242ac36f2088.md">ResetCheckSelectedBackground</a></td>
<td>esets the CheckSelectedBackground property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="02552118-10a8-7685-84fc-a085d87e2183.md">ResetOverflowButtonGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>esets the OverflowButtonGradientBegin property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3f0313bc-1309-d60e-ce63-a32941dbbaa7.md">ResetOverflowButtonGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>esets the OverflowButtonGradientEnd property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7d89d488-9fe3-beaa-fbbf-b86e6b072fe8.md">ResetOverflowButtonGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>esets the OverflowButtonGradientMiddle property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
