# DirectionButtonAction Class


Specifies the action to take when previous or next button is fired.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Navigator (in Krypton.Navigator.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
[TypeConverterAttribute(typeof(DirectionButtonActionConverter))]
public sealed class DirectionButtonAction : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
<TypeConverterAttribute(GetType(DirectionButtonActionConverter))>
Public NotInheritable Class DirectionButtonAction
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  DirectionButtonAction</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="bf33697e-d79f-2b08-be8a-3ac2cdc007f1.md">ModeAppropriateAction</a></td>
<td>Specifies the appropriate action for the mode be applied.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="02f37e1d-a621-f07b-8bc6-e311699ef88e.md">MoveBar</a></td>
<td>Specifies the item bar be moved to show more items.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2f33a0d7-5734-6066-f528-2b6165f9d39b.md">None</a></td>
<td>Specifies no action be taken.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6f1c139c-714d-73d8-b7b9-8b7373b2faf2.md">SelectPage</a></td>
<td>Specifies a page is selected.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="412996f4-e050-00a6-93a3-582f15c0d697.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
