# TabBorderStyleStrings Class


Exposes the set of TabBorderStyleConverter strings used within Krypton and that are localizable.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
[TypeConverterAttribute(typeof(ExpandableObjectConverter))]
public class TabBorderStyleStrings : GlobalId
```
**VB**
``` VB
<TypeConverterAttribute(GetType(ExpandableObjectConverter))>
Public Class TabBorderStyleStrings
	Inherits GlobalId
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  TabBorderStyleStrings</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="5bf49f7f-f32e-69e3-a8af-e1670bc84aa3.md">TabBorderStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the TabBorderStyleStrings class</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="1e00d556-beb0-2d68-a306-2d99fe787c35.md">DockEqual</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the dock equal tab border style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="045cfda3-43f1-5d70-63a5-bb91d9b51aa4.md">DockOutsize</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the dock outsize tab border style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a62168d3-4fe7-33af-49a5-a570e7a91a84.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7b791d71-2982-b952-f872-e97ad795c064.md">OneNote</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the OneNote tab border style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2006aceb-11c5-f549-07c6-8d580d6cbd8a.md">RoundedEqualLarge</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the rounded equal large tab border style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="28147d24-c207-4a00-0dd5-3c8d20a75e60.md">RoundedEqualMedium</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the rounded equal medium tab border style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="90665204-aa15-076f-107b-285782f6b3b9.md">RoundedEqualSmall</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the rounded equal small tab border style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="80f22a46-6d1f-6beb-3d5a-d5f90eee8db7.md">RoundedOutsizeLarge</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the rounded outsize large tab border style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e5098aa3-4b19-6ece-b30a-9afdfad1c386.md">RoundedOutsizeMedium</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the rounded outsize medium tab border style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0e4cac9d-8291-a191-97b4-870a27aa248c.md">RoundedOutsizeSmall</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the rounded outsize small tab border style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="df61f3b6-942d-31a2-d6e9-12bc1ca032ff.md">SlantEqualBoth</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the slant equal both tab border style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="415a7d21-9863-f4d0-7749-5504d94893b7.md">SlantEqualFar</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the slant equal far tab border style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7c8456f6-0eb1-613a-4a1a-bb9ba47dd834.md">SlantEqualNear</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the slant equal near tab border style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="27c12202-269e-b615-625d-a532882e4c4f.md">SlantOutsizeBoth</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the slant outsize both tab border style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="83c29956-a764-b747-d20a-e2d8354868aa.md">SlantOutsizeFar</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the slant outsize far tab border style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9afe40db-95f9-65c3-b679-ead3396c075b.md">SlantOutsizeNear</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the slant outsize near tab border style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="64844269-6d79-72b0-c160-01bd1d4e9da0.md">SmoothEqual</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the smooth equal tab border style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c3a8c180-a1e4-3557-b4f7-9b8680484675.md">SmoothOutsize</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the smooth outsize tab border style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1513d9cd-7a98-6be8-2ff2-7a0a44ae413c.md">SquareEqualLarge</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the square equal large tab border style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="11a198a0-be66-2fd0-6d3e-21c260d9f811.md">SquareEqualMedium</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the square equal medium tab border style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7e53130d-fcde-3702-142d-fdd1d0cd52b0.md">SquareEqualSmall</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the square equal small tab border style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cb5151ea-8bb1-6dac-7047-59fd3f5d605d.md">SquareOutsizeLarge</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the square outsize large tab border style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a9dd25d3-9cb6-8587-f581-4b0c00bd7b34.md">SquareOutsizeMedium</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the square outsize medium tab border style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3a855454-706b-cebd-e8c4-b8c0014c7672.md">SquareOutsizeSmall</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the square outsize small tab border style string.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="61ff4c00-2850-efce-aae4-67c0394d9c9b.md">Reset</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="850b7412-8b7d-53f6-7b43-a16c9ab53385.md">ToString</a></td>
<td><br />(Overrides Object.ToString())</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
