# KryptonTreeNode Class


Krypton extension of the TreeNode allowing extra information to be drawn.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonTreeNode : TreeNode
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonTreeNode
	Inherits TreeNode
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  TreeNode  →  KryptonTreeNode</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="c3f4dcea-a499-8bfd-64c2-94aa20a74fc7.md">KryptonTreeNode()</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonTreeNode class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c6359840-306e-5ebb-91fb-dd54f3e3e88f.md">KryptonTreeNode(String)</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the System.Windows.Forms.TreeNode class with the specified label text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f4c0b986-86b9-0717-ce3d-028bf3df5570.md">KryptonTreeNode(String, TreeNode[])</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the System.Windows.Forms.TreeNode class with the specified label text and child tree nodes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ec680ef0-3218-c6bd-217b-2a6810f20866.md">KryptonTreeNode(String, Int32, Int32)</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the System.Windows.Forms.TreeNode class with the specified label text and images to display when the tree node is in a selected and unselected state.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d4cc2642-70de-d606-95bb-ddc2a11afc68.md">KryptonTreeNode(String, Int32, Int32, TreeNode[])</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the System.Windows.Forms.TreeNode class with the specified label text, child tree nodes, and images to display when the tree node is in a selected and unselected state.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>BackColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the background color of the tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets the bounds of the tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Checked</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the tree node is in a checked state.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStrip</td>
<td>Gets or sets the shortcut menu associated with this tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FirstNode</td>
<td>Gets the first child tree node in the tree node collection.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ForeColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the foreground color of the tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FullPath</td>
<td>Gets the path from the root tree node to the current tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the handle of the tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the image list index value of the image displayed when the tree node is in the unselected state.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageKey</td>
<td>Gets or sets the key for the image associated with this tree node when the node is in an unselected state.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Index</td>
<td>Gets the position of the tree node in the tree node collection.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0dbbdabf-2bd0-c53f-4ab5-2ca989471c41.md">IsCheckBoxVisible</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsEditing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the tree node is in an editable state.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsExpanded</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the tree node is in the expanded state.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsSelected</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the tree node is in the selected state.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsVisible</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the tree node is visible or partially visible.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LastNode</td>
<td>Gets the last child tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Level</td>
<td>Gets the zero-based depth of the tree node in the TreeView control.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="75dc5c7a-f2c3-68b9-2cb1-5c4885e6a2f1.md">LongForeColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the foreground color of the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e615081c-811d-60d8-d466-2c8f455e49b5.md">LongNodeFont</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the font of the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3dc6b0ea-09c3-1158-6a1c-4daeee368eb9.md">LongText</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NextNode</td>
<td>Gets the next sibling tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NextVisibleNode</td>
<td>Gets the next visible tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NodeFont</td>
<td>Gets or sets the font that is used to display the text on the tree node label.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Nodes</td>
<td>Gets the collection of TreeNode objects assigned to the current tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets the parent tree node of the current tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PrevNode</td>
<td>Gets the previous sibling tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PrevVisibleNode</td>
<td>Gets the previous visible tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectedImageIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the image list index value of the image that is displayed when the tree node is in the selected state.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectedImageKey</td>
<td>Gets or sets the key of the image displayed in the tree node when it is in a selected state.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StateImageIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the index of the image that is used to indicate the state of the TreeNode when the parent TreeView has its CheckBoxes property set to false.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StateImageKey</td>
<td>Gets or sets the key of the image that is used to indicate the state of the TreeNode when the parent TreeView has its CheckBoxes property set to false.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Text</td>
<td>Gets or sets the text displayed in the label of the tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolTipText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the text that appears when the mouse pointer hovers over a TreeNode.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TreeView</td>
<td>Gets the parent tree view that the tree node is assigned to.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>BeginEdit</td>
<td>Initiates the editing of the tree node label.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Clone</td>
<td>Copies the tree node and the entire subtree rooted at this tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Collapse()</td>
<td>Collapses the tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Collapse(Boolean)</td>
<td>Collapses the TreeNode and optionally collapses its children.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Deserialize</td>
<td>Loads the state of the TreeNode from the specified SerializationInfo.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EndEdit</td>
<td>Ends the editing of the tree node label.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EnsureVisible</td>
<td>Ensures that the tree node is visible, expanding tree nodes and scrolling the tree view control as necessary.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Expand</td>
<td>Expands the tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ExpandAll</td>
<td>Expands all the child tree nodes.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetNodeCount</td>
<td>Returns the number of child tree nodes.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eac596b4-a662-1139-4a78-3eeee14670ad.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Remove</td>
<td>Removes the current tree node from the tree view control.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Serialize</td>
<td>Saves the state of the TreeNode to the specified SerializationInfo.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Toggle</td>
<td>Toggles the tree node to either the expanded or collapsed state.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="50b6773b-0791-8c12-0c67-62ba0d06c6db.md">PropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when a property has changed value.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
