# PaletteContentJustText Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f6d23937-2177-d787-24e9-ffeb3c7fb812.md">GetContentAdjacentGap</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual padding between adjacent content items.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eace8246-d6d0-ad17-e98f-a826bdd578f3.md">GetContentDraw</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content draw value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="95cc93b7-7c82-5d7a-975f-222cf68af5a1.md">GetContentDrawFocus</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content draw with focus value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c5cac9bb-b731-1c6e-468a-a17f4d4d3f64.md">GetContentImageColorMap</a></td>
<td>Gets the image color to remap into another color.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="62de7427-9a38-7f10-3c86-8e88a8c7bd30.md">GetContentImageColorTo</a></td>
<td>Gets the color to use in place of the image map color.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="73d28c32-30e8-b2dc-1aba-c5a13e92d37e.md">GetContentImageEffect</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual image drawing effect value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ad80beec-b0ba-9b89-3a0a-817cbd9f66be.md">GetContentImageH</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content image horizontal alignment value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e3832085-eca4-6315-dcac-7b6a9fae29ae.md">GetContentImageV</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content image vertical alignment value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="88e5637a-1437-072c-24c3-75dc76ffa1f9.md">GetContentLongTextColor1</a></td>
<td>Gets the first color for the long text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1e282b12-bd12-5eec-f186-57b3a868264f.md">GetContentLongTextColor2</a></td>
<td>Gets the second back color for the long text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7f61ae36-ed01-a5af-f9cd-d15d21ac324b.md">GetContentLongTextColorAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the color alignment style for the long text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9625c608-1c44-c813-4dfa-711209098d71.md">GetContentLongTextColorAngle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color angle for the long text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4e69a214-e34b-5140-ce5e-04344a4ea2db.md">GetContentLongTextColorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color drawing style for the long text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e9d3faa4-42aa-0873-bf98-bc51e4da9a27.md">GetContentLongTextFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content long text font value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a855fb12-f1f4-60a9-7415-944c33cd9a3c.md">GetContentLongTextH</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content long text horizontal alignment value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="54d256b3-f70c-f4a1-c1bc-ad44fbb539ab.md">GetContentLongTextHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual text rendering hint for long text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="23525b6f-b1ae-d2e9-1f64-582fde06888b.md">GetContentLongTextImage</a></td>
<td>Gets an image for the long text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="86df6478-a557-79b4-52c2-97b06fa04ea7.md">GetContentLongTextImageAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the image alignment style for the long text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a78bbcda-2818-e9d4-67d2-50393f55f0ce.md">GetContentLongTextImageStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the image style for the long text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="04a21dba-37d1-c284-30ac-d6530c32353e.md">GetContentLongTextMultiLine</a></td>
<td>Gets the flag indicating if multiline text is allowed for long text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c3d6a300-f39c-e6ba-e8c8-f61abd9fc78b.md">GetContentLongTextMultiLineH</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content long text horizontal multiline alignment value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ea49ad96-b4da-2838-fe22-1df0cd0d925a.md">GetContentLongTextNewFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the long text by generating a new font instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eaedc066-42fd-c87a-2ecc-9b423f54fde4.md">GetContentLongTextPrefix</a></td>
<td>Gets the prefix drawing setting for long text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="683a5aeb-b35d-c863-bcc6-70d874468a47.md">GetContentLongTextTrim</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual text trimming for the long text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="675f6d70-be6b-cc3d-7748-bfb169fcdc74.md">GetContentLongTextV</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content long text vertical alignment value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="24649f35-481b-74ac-7521-2e10fe29a877.md">GetContentPadding</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual padding between the border and content drawing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ba32dcad-51fd-9402-0b6f-3a35c03bc5f6.md">GetContentShortTextColor1</a></td>
<td>Gets the first color for the short text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dc526a3a-15b9-abaf-dc85-2314d619eff3.md">GetContentShortTextColor2</a></td>
<td>Gets the second back color for the short text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b6ce04b3-8872-0226-2895-a4d4ca87136a.md">GetContentShortTextColorAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the color alignment style for the short text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8f49b35c-7e36-56ee-c3d7-6a9acfff2de6.md">GetContentShortTextColorAngle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color angle for the short text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="403934de-6b8c-c085-f131-0ece974bab71.md">GetContentShortTextColorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color drawing style for the short text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ef0631bf-4aeb-7059-fa2c-cd307ccfea4e.md">GetContentShortTextFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content short text font value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c75e5e25-bb07-fda2-d328-2674b6dad498.md">GetContentShortTextH</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content short text horizontal alignment value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5e6120fb-b900-a3a7-8119-f3fc79008134.md">GetContentShortTextHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual text rendering hint for short text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4656e8e9-88f6-23c9-a77a-ecc975c0322e.md">GetContentShortTextImage</a></td>
<td>Gets an image for the short text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c50b2ad9-7b47-9a0f-4d0a-becbf5bbf0b0.md">GetContentShortTextImageAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the image alignment style for the short text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ab510a62-302a-5147-5793-4ea14589accf.md">GetContentShortTextImageStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the image style for the short text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="25286a9e-5e14-4596-95e3-931c6aeb817e.md">GetContentShortTextMultiLine</a></td>
<td>Gets the flag indicating if multiline text is allowed for short text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1f939a3f-2ad4-0eca-d4cb-6a88cba2bb26.md">GetContentShortTextMultiLineH</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content short text horizontal multiline alignment value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e9f385b8-7dbc-c165-658a-4c7b9d6dfc6b.md">GetContentShortTextNewFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the short text by generating a new font instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="56413833-1298-a8eb-f7ba-a32d7edc64bd.md">GetContentShortTextPrefix</a></td>
<td>Gets the prefix drawing setting for short text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4feb59ee-beab-3709-c765-934e24f65116.md">GetContentShortTextTrim</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual text trimming for the short text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d22e12c6-455d-1296-2b15-de0a3ae0a54e.md">GetContentShortTextV</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content short text vertical alignment value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1babca45-1a3b-5f8f-cc21-1d87e2b79e47.md">GetContentStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the style appropriate for this content.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cb067ef8-dee9-dd84-ee36-e5691adb9f98.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cc09288f-f31f-db41-bad3-294fdecf83ab.md">PopulateFromBase</a></td>
<td>Populate values from the base palette.<br />(Overrides <a href="bd832813-fbf6-3c84-2a45-3aa9c4e7cf72.md">PaletteContent.PopulateFromBase(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6a919f12-39cf-6db9-30e7-2324e6bd86f1.md">ResetAdjacentGap</a></td>
<td>Reset the AdjacentGap to the default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="883d65d9-8bda-0159-6d3e-c44b527cc7b8.md">ResetPadding</a></td>
<td>Reset the Padding to the default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="745f7bf8-321a-7ba4-2bfd-459e80782f41.md">SetInherit</a></td>
<td>Sets the inheritance parent.<br />(Inherited from <a href="600fddc4-c6c6-d210-7fd3-d71ea95305c6.md">PaletteContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a0ac419f-2b75-ef7c-de09-cf564d6f0647.md">PaletteContentJustText Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
