# KryptonThemeListBox Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can accept data that the user drags onto it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2deabc35-befa-0929-3a94-ed10ceba2112.md">AlwaysActive</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets Determines if the control is always active or only when the mouse is over the control or has focus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Anchor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the edges of the container to which a control is bound and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1cb9b3f1-d625-1f75-6f48-9cd33918e4c4.md">BackgroundImage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fbcec284-5d61-c094-4119-30a008179f8c.md">BackgroundImageLayout</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image layout.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="98d766a8-8de3-e5bc-b882-428b349c5066.md">BackStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the background style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="af9403bc-adfe-d652-e915-dc3159f7e01d.md">BorderStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e9007532-f2e5-025a-39f1-621e1ab0dffb.md">ContainedControl</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the contained input control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="762a4528-1f36-43c6-29a3-95a52c85f1e8.md">ContextMenuStrip</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the ContextMenuStrip associated with this control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Controls</td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="21861c32-e6fe-aaff-8bdd-a739cec711ef.md">CornerRoundingRadius</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the corner rounding radius.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateParams</td>
<td>Gets the required creation parameters when the control handle is created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9a78f71a-e6c8-80e9-0839-d6ffeccfad41.md">DataSource</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the list that this control will use to gets its items.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fa865b04-adbe-86fe-b040-1a48a36cb99c.md">DefaultSize</a></td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d1cca7fd-7b0c-7deb-a1aa-a6f251b492b2.md">DisplayMember</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the property to display for the items in this control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the display area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dock</td>
<td>Gets or sets which control borders are docked to its parent control and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f77f144-461b-e0c7-d404-e98cb632abe2.md">EvalInvokePaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to use Invoke to force a repaint.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focused</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="04378bea-bd9f-f7ea-d511-8685a17c6236.md">FormatString</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the format specifier characters that indicate how a value is to be Displayed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d2643381-30b7-0c1d-ac18-c481e8a76b69.md">FormattingEnabled</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets if this property is true, the value of FormatString is used to convert the value of DisplayMember into a value that can be Displayed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9e41e430-9991-ed7b-c21a-9bd74819b962.md">HorizontalExtent</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the width by which the horizontal scroll bar of a KryptonListBox can scroll.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0e4d1fb-c7e2-ed43-6e83-f683f9caca3e.md">HorizontalScrollbar</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether a horizontal scroll bar is Displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="54389739-3ec4-ee7a-b43d-d7186e7e65eb.md">ItemCornerRoundingRadius</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the item corner rounding radius.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ef6a9dbd-308e-8854-5c64-5cf99a0380f9.md">Items</a></td>
<td>Gets the items of the KryptonListBox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5bc28824-8018-7e63-8c8b-e2788a093d54.md">ItemStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the item style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19e559e5-49d6-6837-1d3e-bd30310c9e4b.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the KryptonContextMenu to show when right clicked.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9efead5c-425c-48ea-a589-df9996ca19fe.md">KryptonCustomPalette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ThemeSelectedIndex.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9c0c3110-c603-387f-b561-e065578f3d05.md">ListBox</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the contained ListBox instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the upper limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the lower limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e8e19cb-0b87-5a93-8dae-ba685ab768d3.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd0acfd2-24e3-79cc-4d0e-393dc3db77cf.md">NeedPaintPaletteDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint palette delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76de231e-1e7e-f794-8483-ddea441042ee.md">NeedTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if transparent paint is needed<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cdba12d3-5645-799d-33f9-6670d0337c37.md">OverrideFocus</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the item appearance when it has focus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8cea2617-c4c2-b210-5dee-2a741492f4b6.md">Padding</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the internal padding space.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0cd21a8-cecb-c891-532e-34ba62c82f21.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41c3411b-ffb0-095e-47b4-fc6ce7c5db17.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="177219af-8f43-9c87-623d-ff4ae2155849.md">Redirector</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the palette redirector.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81eeb3c2-d939-1525-0987-b9cd7d94af7d.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="75fe4c02-e1d8-500a-7477-8e2da2ea4dcf.md">ScrollAlwaysVisible</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the vertical scroll bar is shown at all times.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d24ae6b7-3644-4b63-89b8-0d2722f1176c.md">SelectedIndex</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the zero-based index of the currently selected item in a KryptonListBox.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="691d9cbf-af57-2738-735c-7ac6020f35a3.md">SelectedIndices</a></td>
<td>Gets a collection that contains the zero-based indexes of all currently selected items in the KryptonListBox.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d745ecb7-ffa8-ecaf-73e0-101657cd0c66.md">SelectedItem</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the currently selected item in the KryptonListBox.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="93b17397-bab3-a00e-63b3-c7c3bb6533a0.md">SelectedItems</a></td>
<td>Gets a collection containing the currently selected items in the KryptonListBox.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c7a97aa0-70d2-d73f-78fb-bfa8b573d5d9.md">SelectedValue</a></td>
<td>Gets the value of the selected item in the list control, or selects the item in the list control that contains the specified value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9e79526f-8439-26e8-f908-be2a35675a0f.md">SelectionMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the selection mode of the KryptonListBox control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9dc2d859-4b0b-de4e-1d69-884da21bfe67.md">Sorted</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the items in the KryptonListBox are sorted alphabetically.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c80f0443-fec9-f88d-dde7-7359346065e1.md">StateActive</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the active appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bde89990-a24b-b9bc-011e-7fda4df7b6b1.md">StateCheckedNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal checked item appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c08c124e-4bea-7ccd-f9ac-a7908bb45b70.md">StateCheckedPressed</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the pressed checked item appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="94503cc2-6df9-724e-710c-7b5252de2790.md">StateCheckedTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the hot tracking checked item appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1aa1fb3a-d5a8-1400-3147-348407b1aba0.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common appearance entries that other states can override.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="79331060-03e3-fd44-5d9e-6ceabf4d4507.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="58ff01fa-4c91-bc43-7aac-a0c5ceb82fde.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="341ada5e-d7f7-301c-ac0c-9080d66a587b.md">StatePressed</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the pressed item appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="21ec52a1-61d0-2088-19d2-98bd3980a583.md">StateTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the hot tracking item appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can give the focus to this control using the TAB key.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="409509a4-86a9-d6f9-83fd-a8ed74b4f115.md">Text</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text associated associated with the control.<br />(Overrides KryptonListBox.Text)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7b8f9e37-6476-7e70-b5a7-0c43035928ba.md">ThemeSelectedIndex</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ThemeSelectedIndex.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7bc15b0f-7b9c-1821-d705-0229ee9c0438.md">ToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the button content.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4cffdcea-6975-9fcf-8e53-85dac3cb9200.md">TopIndex</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the index of the first visible item in the KryptonListBox.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f51f7937-adcf-25ad-781c-3ae22623fe0d.md">TransparentParent</a></td>
<td>Gets the control reference that is the parent for transparent drawing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="308b01a7-a175-523e-c015-ba2f048fcb46.md">ValueMember</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the value member.<br />(Inherited from <a href="34d189d7-24ac-ce5b-4fff-cda88ff9e2aa.md">KryptonListBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="07ceffc3-e890-2bae-9754-3823df6ca628.md">KryptonThemeListBox Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
