# KryptonRibbonGroupRadioButton Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="11319ae1-cf1f-755d-0088-44d036d5fdfa.md">Hide</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon group radio button hidden.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="376499a3-a74b-546e-a9c2-fd9863922226.md">OnCheckedChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the CheckedChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="820e9e4c-b44d-2826-db8e-a0728b6ddaa6.md">OnClick</a></td>
<td>Raises the Click event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f97209d-b382-2da1-0ddb-a8dc440e2201.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d48f9a13-6c16-7b26-895e-a4b1e9127e43.md">PerformClick()</a></td>
<td>Generates a Click event for a check box.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b6413e03-2fe5-e7c3-8748-5a9776fbfe67.md">PerformClick(EventHandler)</a></td>
<td>Generates a Click event for a radio button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ac83188d-9878-f1bf-b00e-e142c71fa671.md">ResetShortcutKeys</a></td>
<td>Resets the ShortcutKeys property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4c31e104-2033-89a2-6523-f8f6d16791ca.md">ResetToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipValues property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f32041cb-d730-d744-b3e4-07bdd129d5a2.md">Show</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon group radio button visible.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="5098dccc-452d-0ea5-db6e-40fc48def2a4.md">KryptonRibbonGroupRadioButton Class</a>  
<a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon Namespace</a>  
