# KryptonListView Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Activation</td>
<td>Gets or sets the type of action the user must take to activate an item.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Alignment</td>
<td>Gets or sets the alignment of items in the control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowColumnReorder</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can drag column headers to reorder columns in the control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can accept data that the user drags onto it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d40685c6-6809-2280-52cf-5bcbff485b08.md">AlwaysActive</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets Determines if the control is always active or only when the mouse is over the control or has focus.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Anchor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the edges of the container to which a control is bound and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoArrange</td>
<td>Gets or sets whether icons are automatically kept arranged.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the background color.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImage</td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageTiled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the background image of the ListView should be tiled.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9d95eb08-c7fa-144e-ba8d-d7f742bda658.md">BackStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the background style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5beb7f37-ca90-788c-2c52-e80fb8a38e81.md">BorderStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CheckBoxes</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether a check box appears next to each item in the control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CheckedIndices</td>
<td>Gets the indexes of the currently checked items in the control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CheckedItems</td>
<td>Gets the currently checked items in the control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Columns</td>
<td>Gets the collection of all column headers that appear in the control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cbb27132-9898-79d9-15ef-63d08929b072.md">ContextMenuStrip</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the ContextMenuStrip associated with this control.<br />(Overrides Control.ContextMenuStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Controls</td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a3ae77d7-bfa4-a4f5-2e6c-0dd79c29ebb0.md">CornerRoundingRadius</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the corner rounding radius.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateParams</td>
<td>This property is not relevant for this class.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultSize</td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the display area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dock</td>
<td>Gets or sets which control borders are docked to its parent control and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focused</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FocusedItem</td>
<td>Gets or sets the item in the control that currently has focus.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Font</td>
<td>Gets or sets the font of the text displayed by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ForeColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the foreground color.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FullRowSelect</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether clicking an item selects all its subitems.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GridLines</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether grid lines appear between the rows and columns containing the items and subitems in the control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GroupImageList</td>
<td>The currently set GroupIcon image list.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Groups</td>
<td>Gets the collection of ListViewGroup objects assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HeaderStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets the column header style.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HideSelection</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the selected item in the control remains highlighted when the control loses focus.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HotTracking</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the text of an item or subitem has the appearance of a hyperlink when the mouse pointer passes over it.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HoverSelection</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether an item is automatically selected when the mouse pointer remains over the item for a few seconds.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="29556615-2907-4071-6116-8bb1f0adfbdf.md">Images</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the check box image value overrides.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InsertionMark</td>
<td>Gets an object used to indicate the expected drop location when an item is dragged within a ListView control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aec8daf7-26ad-d32c-453f-d3a54eb7e582.md">ItemCornerRoundingRadius</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the item corner rounding radius.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Items</td>
<td>Gets a collection containing all items in the control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c7aa5af4-7264-1602-6897-480d34f160cc.md">ItemStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the button style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5ab559f6-137c-e64e-b5e6-4ac7f38c7ec5.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the KryptonContextMenu to show when right clicked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LabelEdit</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can edit the labels of items in the control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LabelWrap</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether item labels wrap when items are displayed in the control as icons.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LargeImageList</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ImageList to use when displaying items as large icons in the control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ListViewItemSorter</td>
<td>Gets or sets the sorting comparer for the control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the upper limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the lower limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MultiSelect</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether multiple items can be selected.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9bc7b5ff-6326-f19b-dc35-b91d428ce28e.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aa8492e4-a826-4f55-ccc8-45510c8a17e0.md">OverrideFocus</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the item appearance when it has focus.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="75583574-9215-cd52-195d-38701e0e7221.md">OwnerDraw</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets padding within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="feb9ab29-1f7f-f6f5-ec21-9bf7a984fef9.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="92c20a3f-00b4-fb2a-299d-e3dab816e40d.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fb8fb7a1-89ba-583a-ebbb-a583ccda3230.md">Redirector</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the palette redirector.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c21ec13f-7a64-d689-9768-4180902ca5c2.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeftLayout</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is laid out from right to left.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Scrollable</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether a scroll bar is added to the control when there is not enough room to display all items.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectedIndices</td>
<td>Gets the indexes of the selected items in the control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectedItems</td>
<td>Gets the items that are selected in the control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowGroups</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether items are displayed in groups.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowItemToolTips</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether ToolTips are shown for the ListViewItem objects contained in the ListView.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SmallImageList</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ImageList to use when displaying items as small icons in the control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Sorting</td>
<td>Gets or sets the sort order for items in the control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cf814be5-fb45-d7c2-1701-56c7f08a423c.md">StateActive</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the active appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3b82455a-d4a1-8218-91db-03636019d71e.md">StateCheckedNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal checked item appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a9668913-9d7b-1745-28fb-f029fc7dfa84.md">StateCheckedPressed</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the pressed checked item appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31d6a0f6-e174-64b8-466d-0ce1745efd4e.md">StateCheckedTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the hot tracking checked item appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="decf45f3-1a79-bcd0-8c20-d9da41455b16.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common appearance entries that other states can override.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bc835d50-e21d-07ca-ab56-137eadd2fc77.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StateImageList</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ImageList associated with application-defined states in the control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b41cff15-edd4-360e-5c3b-13ac2dd31702.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="91a31fbc-1323-15f9-efb2-fed460d15a06.md">StatePressed</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the pressed item appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1ec4f923-f751-6c55-6e41-d2e834277ac3.md">StateTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the hot tracking item appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can give the focus to this control using the TAB key.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TileSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size of the tiles shown in tile view.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopItem</td>
<td>Gets or sets the first visible item in the control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseCompatibleStateImageBehavior</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the ListView uses state image behavior that is compatible with the .NET Framework 1.1 or the .NET Framework 2.0.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8b28e03-c3d4-ef3c-e342-050d8ac91639.md">View</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a1cafa14-ae65-2582-e268-c67a7cce0a9a.md">ViewDrawPanel</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the contained view draw panel instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="180db58c-f434-b1a4-ff97-171b0b52760a.md">ViewManager</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ViewManager instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VirtualListSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the number of ListViewItem objects contained in the list when in virtual mode.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VirtualMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether you have provided your own data-management operations for the ListView control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="0708dbd3-8b84-d9ff-266c-c945f2b99c05.md">KryptonListView Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
