# ViewDockStyle Class


Specifies the docking styles for the docking view elements.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public sealed class ViewDockStyle : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public NotInheritable Class ViewDockStyle
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  ViewDockStyle</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="0e594e83-0f37-0ed0-0341-d4c1d596d43e.md">Bottom</a></td>
<td>Specifies the child element should dock against the bottom edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ffef7e42-a4a8-043f-3ee4-296e450594c4.md">Fill</a></td>
<td>Specifies the child element should fill the remaining space.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5303ca79-49f8-175d-dcd6-7560dd744bdd.md">Left</a></td>
<td>Specifies the child element should dock against the left edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2d5d3151-dd76-e932-7a3d-2e7f2aeb0e98.md">Right</a></td>
<td>Specifies the child element should dock against the right edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f2d98375-dae6-52c0-d877-ba8a4a6332a4.md">Top</a></td>
<td>Specifies the child element should dock against the top edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c876cee7-b118-9cd7-bd3b-2f8daafc9f1e.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
