# CustomToolkitStrings Class


Exposes a custom set of strings that are used within the Krypton Toolkit, and are localisable.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
[TypeConverterAttribute(typeof(ExpandableObjectConverter))]
public class CustomToolkitStrings : GlobalId
```
**VB**
``` VB
<TypeConverterAttribute(GetType(ExpandableObjectConverter))>
Public Class CustomToolkitStrings
	Inherits GlobalId
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  CustomToolkitStrings</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="d7749e82-07ef-c71b-3750-4e957de91ef2.md">CustomToolkitStrings</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the CustomToolkitStrings class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="ecee090f-fbb1-9640-c9ac-d875e676594a.md">Apply</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Apply string used in property dialogs.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e8d1a110-16ee-945f-de3b-fec99aa56034.md">Back</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Back string used in custom situations.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8614ef1f-2b63-427b-f9c4-65ce61e53f93.md">ClearClipboard</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Clear Clipboard string used in custom situations.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19fc490a-a491-f3e8-3575-16e94c330217.md">Collapse</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the collapse string used in expandable footers.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5f2d36e8-fd9b-ba4c-7e1a-bfc54722f3de.md">Copy</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Copy string used in custom situations.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="34103b07-575c-86da-dc14-52e00a12e8e7.md">Cut</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Cut string used in custom situations.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="03d7e33c-2be8-edc1-f49d-20e6f8f15942.md">Exit</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Exit string used in custom situations.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5b3576ea-af38-bd1e-743b-aba6e17081dc.md">Expand</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the expand string used in expandable footers.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ef533dda-b738-262f-1e9a-cd093a72e91a.md">Finish</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Finish string used in custom situations.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="670e4232-e920-6fb9-6765-c497fc0a936f.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all the strings are default values.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9c67e8e8-ebf7-bf63-e8c9-26edc18e0ece.md">Next</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Next string used in custom situations.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fbcb44b8-0622-9bdc-4d90-8d0815f3e104.md">NoToAll</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the No to All string used in custom situations.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="23ae2259-cb49-2da7-89c9-ab7c68490adc.md">OkToAll</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Ok to All string used in custom situations.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e435a1e4-b62a-a505-f9bc-ffd8320f8495.md">Paste</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Paste string used in custom situations.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e24232f5-b928-be11-36f6-e82408206bdf.md">Previous</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Previous string used in custom situations.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d46840a3-2c42-6b67-7e02-e8a7760cc28e.md">Reset</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the reset string used for custom situations.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f764856d-212b-0c4a-ed82-e41b07581bd3.md">SelectAll</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Select All string used in custom situations.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c9c0ca46-c8c9-48bd-0e39-70bcdb2a58f1.md">YesToAll</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the Yes to All string used in custom situations.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="db47d487-a9cd-63a2-a314-a39524526ba7.md">ResetValues</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1c22a6d9-e864-da5b-6965-a3e0f53e5ac7.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Converts to string.<br />(Overrides Object.ToString())</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
<a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  
