# KryptonDataGridView Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AdjustedTopLeftHeaderBorderStyle</td>
<td>Gets the border style for the upper-left cell in the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AdvancedCellBorderStyle</td>
<td>Gets the border style of the cells in the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AdvancedColumnHeadersBorderStyle</td>
<td>Gets the border style of the column header cells in the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AdvancedRowHeadersBorderStyle</td>
<td>Gets the border style of the row header cells in the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can accept data that the user drags onto it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowUserToAddRows</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the option to add rows is displayed to the user.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowUserToDeleteRows</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user is allowed to delete rows from the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowUserToOrderColumns</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether manual column repositioning is enabled.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowUserToResizeColumns</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether users can resize columns.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowUserToResizeRows</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether users can resize rows.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AlternatingRowsDefaultCellStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cell style applied to odd-numbered rows of the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Anchor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the edges of the container to which a control is bound and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoGenerateColumns</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether columns are created automatically when the DataSource or DataMember properties are set.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoSize</td>
<td>This property is not relevant for this class.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoSizeColumnsMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating how column widths are determined.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoSizeRowsMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating how row heights are determined.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the background color of the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BorderStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets the border style for the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellBorderStyle</td>
<td>Gets the cell border style for the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="517be7b7-8498-5bec-0fd3-c4180840e26c.md">CellOver</a></td>
<td>Gets or Sets the internal KryptonDataGridView CellOver</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClipboardCopyMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value that indicates whether users can copy cell text values to the Clipboard and whether row and column header text is included.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnCount</td>
<td>Gets or sets the number of columns displayed in the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnHeadersBorderStyle</td>
<td>Gets the border style applied to the column headers.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnHeadersDefaultCellStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default column header style.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnHeadersHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height, in pixels, of the column headers row.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnHeadersHeightSizeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the height of the column headers is adjustable and whether it can be adjusted by the user or is automatically adjusted to fit the contents of the headers.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnHeadersVisible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the column header row is displayed.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Columns</td>
<td>Gets a collection that contains all the columns in the control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="92ec7631-b581-9d55-9896-4a5e8f1cc633.md">ContextMenuStrip</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the ContextMenuStrip associated with this control.<br />(Overrides Control.ContextMenuStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Controls</td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateParams</td>
<td>Gets the required creation parameters when the control handle is created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CurrentCell</td>
<td>Gets or sets the currently active cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CurrentCellAddress</td>
<td>Gets the row and column indexes of the currently active cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CurrentRow</td>
<td>Gets the row containing the current cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataMember</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the list or table in the data source for which the DataGridView is displaying data.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataSource</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data source that the DataGridView is displaying data for.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCellStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cell style to be applied to the cells in the DataGridView if no other cell style properties are set.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultSize</td>
<td>Gets the default initial size of the control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the display area of the control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dock</td>
<td>Gets or sets which control borders are docked to its parent control and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EditingControl</td>
<td>Gets the control hosted by the current cell, if a cell with an editing control is in edit mode.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EditingPanel</td>
<td>Gets the panel that contains the EditingControl.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EditMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating how to begin editing a cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EnableHeadersVisualStyles</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether row and column headers use the visual styles of the user's current theme if visual styles are enabled for the application.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f73a7905-49ac-3a26-ba53-c57bfe2ed4d5.md">EvalInvokePaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to use Invoke to force a repaint.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FirstDisplayedCell</td>
<td>Gets or sets the first cell currently displayed in the DataGridView; typically, this cell is in the upper left corner.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FirstDisplayedScrollingColumnHiddenWidth</td>
<td>Gets the width of the portion of the column that is currently scrolled out of view.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FirstDisplayedScrollingColumnIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the index of the column that is the first column displayed on the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FirstDisplayedScrollingRowIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the index of the row that is the first row displayed on the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focused</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Font</td>
<td>Gets or sets the font of the text displayed by the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ForeColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the foreground color of the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GridColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the color of the grid lines separating the cells of the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e6445b56-202f-05b7-238d-5e246e875b2d.md">GridStyles</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the grid styles.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63763466-290b-0c87-6aec-56ea263de6b3.md">HideOuterBorders</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value determining if the outer borders of the grid cells are drawn.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HorizontalScrollBar</td>
<td>Gets the horizontal scroll bar of the control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HorizontalScrollingOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets the number of pixels by which the control is scrolled horizontally.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsCurrentCellDirty</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the current cell has uncommitted changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsCurrentCellInEditMode</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the currently active cell is being edited.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsCurrentRowDirty</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the current row has uncommitted changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Item(Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Provides an indexer to get or set the cell located at the intersection of the column and row with the specified indexes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Item(String, Int32)</td>
<td>Provides an indexer to get or set the cell located at the intersection of the row with the specified index and the column with the specified name.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b35d24a9-2158-5c3d-7117-498878ddd233.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the KryptonContextMenu to show when right clicked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the upper limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the lower limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MultiSelect</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user is allowed to select more than one cell, row, or column of the DataGridView at a time.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="72bcf540-91b9-701d-8561-750c8d6eb427.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b2966c6a-8b13-21ba-d99a-1e0821011c92.md">NeedTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if transparent paint is needed</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NewRowIndex</td>
<td>Gets the index of the row for new records.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets padding within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="819ba6ca-5a6b-ed2b-6529-7672de289324.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e7f6ae62-2a28-d4f1-baa2-23f72b7e2e79.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ReadOnly</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can edit the cells of the DataGridView control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bf599bb9-592d-0e8a-ff0b-6687fb765c4b.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowCount</td>
<td>Gets or sets the number of rows displayed in the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeadersBorderStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets the border style of the row header cells.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeadersDefaultCellStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default style applied to the row header cells.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeadersVisible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the column that contains row headers is displayed.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeadersWidth</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width, in pixels, of the column that contains the row headers.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeadersWidthSizeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the width of the row headers is adjustable and whether it can be adjusted by the user or is automatically adjusted to fit the contents of the headers.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Rows</td>
<td>Gets a collection that contains all the rows in the DataGridView control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowsDefaultCellStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default style applied to the row cells of the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowTemplate</td>
<td>Gets or sets the row that represents the template for all the rows in the control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScrollBars</td>
<td>Gets or sets the type of scroll bars to display for the DataGridView control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectedCells</td>
<td>Gets the collection of cells selected by the user.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectedColumns</td>
<td>Gets the collection of columns selected by the user.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectedRows</td>
<td>Gets the collection of rows selected by the user.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectionMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating how the cells of the DataGridView can be selected.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowCellErrors</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to show cell errors.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c5c8b7a9-8079-120d-a164-af518448bac1.md">ShowCellToolTips</a></td>
<td>Indicates if tool tips are Displayed when the mouse hovers over the cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowEditingIcon</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether or not the editing glyph is visible in the row header of the cell being edited.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowRowErrors</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether row headers will display error glyphs for each row that contains a data entry error.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortedColumn</td>
<td>Gets the column by which the DataGridView contents are currently sorted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortOrder</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the items in the DataGridView control are sorted in ascending or descending order, or are not sorted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StandardTab</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the TAB key moves the focus to the next control in the tab order rather than moving focus to the next cell in the control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="959d952b-b96c-0a48-8e94-5e7a31f0c2ae.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common data grid view appearance that other states can override.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f1fecdba-ce15-1085-3d7a-9655f450efc9.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled data grid view appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fbba9289-5324-7dac-9239-6b5bdec57b1b.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal data grid view appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6c7ebeaf-313d-d58b-8e3a-66addad75072.md">StatePressed</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the pressed data grid view appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ea56d63d-20f3-4b0b-1034-e94d60ae2225.md">StateSelected</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the selected data grid view appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="24687e1c-cf8e-cc6c-78f2-871390ab13d5.md">StateTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the tracking data grid view appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can give the focus to this control using the TAB key.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="599e5415-bd17-97e2-72ff-6f2ee746e97f.md">ToolTipShadow</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the tooltip label style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLeftHeaderCell</td>
<td>Gets or sets the header cell located in the upper left corner of the DataGridView control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="85224db4-625e-710f-08ae-4688fb061805.md">TransparentParent</a></td>
<td>Gets the control reference that is the parent for transparent drawing.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UserSetCursor</td>
<td>Gets the default or user-specified value of the Cursor property.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VerticalScrollBar</td>
<td>Gets the vertical scroll bar of the control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VerticalScrollingOffset</td>
<td>Gets the number of pixels by which the control is scrolled vertically.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6dccf1db-97e0-5ad4-7da7-2a432226e6d2.md">ViewManager</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ViewManager instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VirtualMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether you have provided your own data-management operations for the DataGridView control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="b763ad9e-a40e-a9d4-85a7-f45569078e74.md">KryptonDataGridView Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
