# PaletteMetricBool Class


Specifies a bool type metric.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public sealed class PaletteMetricBool : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public NotInheritable Class PaletteMetricBool
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  PaletteMetricBool</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="9408c34b-6d56-5c55-aab2-18e9d1b9b47a.md">HeaderGroupOverlay</a></td>
<td>Specifies when the border is drawn for the header group control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="01d3f042-cc80-8e34-3d38-76172fe50f75.md">None</a></td>
<td>Specifies that no bool metric is required.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="80b7a888-e35c-0a90-5327-b87dd95a79dc.md">RibbonTabsSpareCaption</a></td>
<td>Specifies that the spare tabs area be treated as the application caption area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b8c36412-9f9b-cdfa-5016-ee377c9aca24.md">SplitWithFading</a></td>
<td>Specifies that split area controls use faded appearance for non-active area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a9ee5a9c-9f90-f54e-6322-2931ae23d98a.md">TreeViewLines</a></td>
<td>Specifies if lines are drawn between nodes in the KryptonTreeView.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b8d4bc1c-180b-f9ff-7a2d-42aa54d98ddd.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
