# ClickAndFinishHandler Class


Signature of a click event that expects the provided finish delegate to be called when associated actions are completed.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Ribbon (in Krypton.Ribbon.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public sealed class ClickAndFinishHandler : MulticastDelegate
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public NotInheritable Class ClickAndFinishHandler
	Inherits MulticastDelegate
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  Delegate  →  MulticastDelegate  →  ClickAndFinishHandler</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="48cdad9d-a8a6-e53f-8acf-2e4462cfe6f1.md">ClickAndFinishHandler</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the ClickAndFinishHandler class</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>Method</td>
<td>Gets the method represented by the delegate.<br />(Inherited from Delegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Target</td>
<td>Gets the class instance on which the current delegate invokes the instance method.<br />(Inherited from Delegate)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="1a7210be-4d0d-3f4d-1548-7cd69df12585.md">BeginInvoke</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Clone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the delegate.<br />(Inherited from Delegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DynamicInvoke</td>
<td>Dynamically invokes (late-bound) the method represented by the current delegate.<br />(Inherited from Delegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c35c33ed-f121-6b5f-37d5-34776d5ec450.md">EndInvoke</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether this multicast delegate and the specified object are equal.<br />(Inherited from MulticastDelegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MulticastDelegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetInvocationList</td>
<td>Returns the invocation list of this multicast delegate, in invocation order.<br />(Inherited from MulticastDelegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetObjectData</td>
<td>Populates a SerializationInfo object with all the data needed to serialize this instance.<br />(Inherited from MulticastDelegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dedf8cd1-9c9c-13e4-34d2-f41722f7f4c9.md">Invoke</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon Namespace</a>  
