# PaletteBorderStyleStrings Class


Exposes the set of PaletteBorderStyleConverter strings used within Krypton and that are localizable.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
[TypeConverterAttribute(typeof(ExpandableObjectConverter))]
public class PaletteBorderStyleStrings : GlobalId
```
**VB**
``` VB
<TypeConverterAttribute(GetType(ExpandableObjectConverter))>
Public Class PaletteBorderStyleStrings
	Inherits GlobalId
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  PaletteBorderStyleStrings</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="59c89a20-179f-2558-bbf2-cb434aef0560.md">PaletteBorderStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the PaletteBorderStyleStrings class</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="b9b9bdf5-eb43-e370-be50-9db201566640.md">ButtonAlternate</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the button alternate palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="51f57ba4-56d0-d3df-6be7-f6ac212722e5.md">ButtonBreadCrumb</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the button breadcrumb palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="698c16d7-1e50-f346-ac50-4c2982693c2c.md">ButtonButtonSpec</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the button spec palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b6331eb9-b5f8-453b-30d9-dccec9b03abc.md">ButtonCalendarDay</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the button calendar day palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ff6ece1d-06f2-92a7-3ca7-f2d0b3c68ee7.md">ButtonCluster</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the button cluster palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4c856844-4514-8524-f0d3-07394845be38.md">ButtonCommand</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the button command palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6e6422c8-1a35-b4aa-93d1-068ebe43d167.md">ButtonCustom1</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the button custom 1 palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d362891f-5d7d-16b4-f5b0-fa5987648f98.md">ButtonCustom2</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the button custom 2 palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4e4d9088-8fa2-2ebc-9b72-5cbffc9a405a.md">ButtonCustom3</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the button custom 3 palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b9e55bcc-76ae-de49-7a98-27f8bde40b02.md">ButtonForm</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the button form palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ebf18e4a-8e50-a2d5-5c6a-dae698ff0a7d.md">ButtonFormClose</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the button form close palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="56f7bac5-ac15-c457-8f69-cb30ca13b7fd.md">ButtonGallery</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the button gallery palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1500891b-6015-46c6-d867-15da3af97c24.md">ButtonInputControl</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the button input control palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4e1f0eed-ec27-1f42-eb70-5d4a7ac19af8.md">ButtonListItem</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the button list item palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="880178f1-cb2f-bfe5-163d-ff60426570b8.md">ButtonLowProfile</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the button low profile palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="df55b865-f57a-2942-4b62-146fbd579954.md">ButtonNavigatorMini</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the button navigator mini palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2fd53c27-7450-3a20-f709-27e949b0f6ae.md">ButtonNavigatorOverflow</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the button navigator overflow palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c94106a9-4651-13a6-4a37-551d4edaf720.md">ButtonNavigatorStack</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the button navigator stack palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19266d61-1db4-8480-52e8-97c7e01a317e.md">ButtonStandalone</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the button standalone palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f848a5e-87c5-dab1-de94-67334f28dd51.md">ContextMenuHeading</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the context menu heading palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ecdb4477-903a-6faa-472e-b70c378c78b7.md">ContextMenuInner</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the context menu inner palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9d443afa-87a6-80bc-1f5c-e54ed9bdef03.md">ContextMenuItemHighlight</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the context menu item highlight palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="56aac1ec-287f-34f5-5fee-7aae39d79938.md">ContextMenuItemImage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the context menu item image palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b627fed7-d416-659b-45c7-c80c2f013915.md">ContextMenuItemImageColumn</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the context menu item image column palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9fb49565-cefb-f35d-1fdc-cf608ca8c1f7.md">ContextMenuItemSplit</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the context menu item split palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8df395fa-a728-38bc-e159-3086706b7118.md">ContextMenuOuter</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the context menu outer palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fe065699-1480-4a0d-034a-1cc4d3194fe6.md">ContextMenuSeparator</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the context menu separator palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="255670c9-54fe-2aff-ca44-3b966d2c4671.md">ControlAlternate</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the control alternate palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="98554184-84c3-1cc4-f52a-35fcf61451c9.md">ControlClient</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the control client palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="48f581dd-0228-a653-7153-77d10e11ad78.md">ControlCustom1</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the control custom 1 palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0968174-b9c9-9adc-b97b-9dd290b74867.md">ControlCustom2</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the control custom 2 palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8b51b189-9d8d-8e54-5358-7420d0f8deec.md">ControlCustom3</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the control custom 3 palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="95ba7ab2-8a4d-f21d-46f3-10e956d2b642.md">ControlGroupBox</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the control group box palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fe328a7d-d86c-f35a-12ac-3b6774f9caaf.md">ControlRibbon</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the control ribbon palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4d4d8d34-d61f-61c1-7542-11d107306bd7.md">ControlRibbonAppMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the control ribbon app menu palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="010ff2a7-f95b-ef36-91e8-7bb2071dd85d.md">ControlToolTip</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the control tool tip palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cdcded54-ecac-93de-7404-0b0f11360a02.md">FormCustom1</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the form custom 1 palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="36551257-780f-1d50-d5f3-73cfa48b9515.md">FormCustom2</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the form custom 2 palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="08ee68ce-4f84-8b3a-8c59-cec767b2b0b0.md">FormCustom3</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the form custom 3 palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bd28eabe-0410-89ec-0124-e9c43e631e46.md">FormMain</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the input control form main palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8595db19-2d2e-b885-bde2-20f9c9838616.md">GridDataCellCustom1</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the grid data cell custom 1 palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cdb4a043-9995-edf4-8f98-a191621e77d1.md">GridDataCellCustom2</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the grid data cell custom 2 palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fc9c147f-1a27-acd5-6d8d-7de1a760f4ee.md">GridDataCellCustom3</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the grid data cell custom 3 palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4fb54b5c-41bf-9a5c-25b9-42ad5ed6350a.md">GridDataCellList</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the grid data cell list palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="92ff2e24-d908-7922-ad0f-41d39be23aa1.md">GridDataCellSheet</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the grid data cell sheet palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e1e8c226-5b81-982e-20b2-97e3c21ac9d2.md">GridHeaderColumnCustom1</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the grid header column custom 1 palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="09e16e03-d9c9-ef1a-707d-ecbeaa0a72aa.md">GridHeaderColumnCustom2</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the grid header column custom 2 palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2018e63f-fa79-d288-0bcc-d6cf32c7ab20.md">GridHeaderColumnCustom3</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the grid header column custom 3 palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="36aa1a0d-a147-d44e-42e4-837506116c3a.md">GridHeaderColumnList</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the grid header column list palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fbaa07b2-33b2-a2fa-e385-7ad7ebc2c39a.md">GridHeaderColumnSheet</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the grid header column sheet palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="627e8e20-6768-77e7-a147-0a9d0aa76168.md">GridHeaderRowCustom1</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the grid header row custom 1 palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c77e25ea-8179-a938-f0c5-f71ef42de10d.md">GridHeaderRowCustom2</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the grid header row custom 2 palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5f5492c4-1a07-bc13-852c-b8ddd8a0c8fc.md">GridHeaderRowCustom3</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the grid header row custom 3 palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="54b9a237-0cdc-c365-e5c0-ce6d5ce4a7bb.md">GridHeaderRowList</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the grid header row list palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="61de98b7-0f98-47a5-bff9-8cb1067e0193.md">GridHeaderRowSheet</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the grid header row sheet palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="112bb566-f98e-6c7f-8bde-4af47c43b273.md">HeaderCalendar</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the header calendar back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4b942328-a9f1-ccf1-22c5-04cfbcef8a35.md">HeaderCustom1</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the header custom 1 back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a58c143b-b9c7-32ea-c28b-af2c4936b8cc.md">HeaderCustom2</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the header custom 2 back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5e5ca3d5-3f27-2c07-f91a-4d055f351d61.md">HeaderCustom3</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the header custom 3 back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="58db401b-6ce0-8e63-e910-e743706d8e39.md">HeaderDockActive</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the header dock active back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8435dc25-d806-4d3e-258e-4602f572c002.md">HeaderDockInactive</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the header dock inactive back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3392abd3-1b0d-a711-b2a9-a4d5e83be274.md">HeaderForm</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the header form back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="328ef4b5-be12-70ca-898b-4dbadce70247.md">HeaderPrimary</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the header primary palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="62071fe3-78b9-32c7-7366-5288dba469d8.md">HeaderSecondary</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the header secondary palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c792f59e-d57c-ae1c-2633-798490b6f4c4.md">InputControlCustom1</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the input control custom 1 palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="86364106-c13f-5583-5030-d51ada0b8fa1.md">InputControlCustom2</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the input control custom 2 palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="377f34fd-4e3a-bedf-9580-334314428fcc.md">InputControlCustom3</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the input control custom 3 palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a47c9a2c-cf0c-384d-df28-e8e87fc5cca5.md">InputControlRibbon</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the input control ribbon palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2d960274-63ec-6dac-e780-87e221a2b991.md">InputControlStandalone</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the input control standalone palette back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="021b0c86-bd07-9183-9015-2c8f540c3a04.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5a4dc128-0e88-fea9-58f9-d3df13d7e8cc.md">SeparatorHighInternalProfile</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the separator high internal profile back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bde2371c-51bc-b5e7-183f-9be352f8ab86.md">SeparatorHighProfile</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the separator high profile back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="62197b32-8bd7-5b09-86fb-ed5804622f2a.md">SeparatorLowProfile</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the separator low profile back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1727ae74-fee3-79f6-2d9f-cd5c461cc0ee.md">TabCustom1</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab custom 1 back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7a2bff0f-718e-2dd2-ceab-46726089a8b4.md">TabCustom2</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab custom 2 back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="86aa5082-f688-1290-1a45-ae9753728b2d.md">TabCustom3</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab custom 3 back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7c7bb23a-69b8-bcb2-289d-d60ba82f80e5.md">TabDock</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab dock back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5e333f4c-1a4f-5dfa-7b62-f3aba5c90fc2.md">TabDockAutoHidden</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab dock auto hidden back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4b08cda0-eaf3-35a7-045f-1dd2d3897be6.md">TabHighProfile</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab high profile back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a4105b38-fe62-248a-b53b-1b4b0f53f757.md">TabLowProfile</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab low profile back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f8a0a5e-7726-1eda-1feb-1d00cd3c2652.md">TabOneNote</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab OneNote back style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="89f75029-b738-541e-8da8-8503efdeedd3.md">TabStandardProfile</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab standard profile back style string.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bd46ca28-fb7c-0156-055f-178cbc3f69bf.md">Reset</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2f4deda6-db67-8883-a9be-a4f18544a1b5.md">ToString</a></td>
<td><br />(Overrides Object.ToString())</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
