# PaletteInputControlContentStates Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ceac7864-462a-f883-698b-ba239b7efc13.md">GetContentAdjacentGap</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual padding between adjacent content items.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1061f205-d6e6-0cf1-5557-42ceadd8a724.md">GetContentDraw</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content draw value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="196eb7ea-0b0f-f326-ce0c-547f0b7dc173.md">GetContentDrawFocus</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content draw with focus value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e4ecf234-5e34-48fa-39da-483a9d451490.md">GetContentImageColorMap</a></td>
<td>Gets the image color to remap into another color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="43cc58af-de24-a504-4f38-fd56d4d69260.md">GetContentImageColorTo</a></td>
<td>Gets the color to use in place of the image map color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1a805220-2acb-1963-7965-f49983226ea3.md">GetContentImageEffect</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual image drawing effect value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b6483dc2-9273-92ef-8585-178b5c078205.md">GetContentImageH</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content image horizontal alignment value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ee1c12a3-43c9-7dff-32cf-4ee41569e5e8.md">GetContentImageV</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content image vertical alignment value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a6c911bf-88bc-4f03-2f6f-18a9a051d765.md">GetContentLongTextColor1</a></td>
<td>Gets the first color for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2c78edd4-c3d7-8ef4-92f3-48ac6e74ab56.md">GetContentLongTextColor2</a></td>
<td>Gets the second back color for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8b7461ff-1783-0e81-1b0e-9b70f5e9e90b.md">GetContentLongTextColorAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the color alignment style for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="976be56b-0585-dc87-96e4-a09a6ec9b21c.md">GetContentLongTextColorAngle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color angle for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0d866c62-2aa9-1a9f-33a1-460c2cfb4081.md">GetContentLongTextColorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color drawing style for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7a19ab12-6c2a-e510-01aa-811e207ae634.md">GetContentLongTextFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content long text font value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0ad90c9-2dc1-ce94-4431-dffb0fe4664a.md">GetContentLongTextH</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content long text horizontal alignment value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ae8a05ff-649b-f92d-7b14-1fe477d227b8.md">GetContentLongTextHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual text rendering hint for long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c3944cd6-f35a-d156-fcef-b07afd50e4b2.md">GetContentLongTextImage</a></td>
<td>Gets an image for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="05e62a2f-5ff2-59e5-d58c-c768ec96f909.md">GetContentLongTextImageAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the image alignment style for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="18b64e2a-e120-aa86-273e-1b494c3f8843.md">GetContentLongTextImageStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the image style for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6f975679-fbd7-ec87-745a-b25fc82441b8.md">GetContentLongTextMultiLine</a></td>
<td>Gets the flag indicating if multiline text is allowed for long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ca6364ea-7581-1782-9e3f-404dba2f0d62.md">GetContentLongTextMultiLineH</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content long text horizontal multiline alignment value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fb563844-7a6c-8e9d-ba7c-11f6103731f2.md">GetContentLongTextNewFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the long text by generating a new font instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="88967592-9e85-b652-3463-d2919c9018a9.md">GetContentLongTextPrefix</a></td>
<td>Gets the prefix drawing setting for long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e5c01b4b-3081-f13f-05c4-7dab914eb6e7.md">GetContentLongTextTrim</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual text trimming for the long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="066e9286-9c3d-1fca-f3d2-66b2a6bc30fe.md">GetContentLongTextV</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content long text vertical alignment value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="30298cda-2e23-4dfa-8ead-486f6f01505e.md">GetContentPadding</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual padding between the border and content drawing.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="84b0685c-93a6-6b5d-4227-bbde4c8eb1da.md">GetContentShortTextColor1</a></td>
<td>Gets the first color for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="68daed1b-74fb-f879-a5c3-36821a20e548.md">GetContentShortTextColor2</a></td>
<td>Gets the second back color for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="42f2abf4-e7cf-42e9-3056-d81e752301fe.md">GetContentShortTextColorAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the color alignment style for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d60a4914-b5c9-a91c-5768-509c3eefc384.md">GetContentShortTextColorAngle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color angle for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bc8627a5-86be-c085-f2f2-09502b947cc8.md">GetContentShortTextColorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color drawing style for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1bf3d7d2-f276-6ab9-49b7-9e90813121d5.md">GetContentShortTextFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content short text font value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3dab589f-4601-f7c4-690f-568803dc5daa.md">GetContentShortTextH</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content short text horizontal alignment value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3eba01e9-2ac4-16b0-bc1d-66885c16f00e.md">GetContentShortTextHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual text rendering hint for short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="542bdfed-ab0b-bb28-c1e6-d2cb09c2f580.md">GetContentShortTextImage</a></td>
<td>Gets an image for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d7152aa1-e398-7661-cf91-39e878f14bd2.md">GetContentShortTextImageAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the image alignment style for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="acf41e39-4fa4-90f2-7ec6-9048fa7eb6c4.md">GetContentShortTextImageStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the image style for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bd72174f-d2c7-0f0b-a040-88dbae9c370f.md">GetContentShortTextMultiLine</a></td>
<td>Gets the flag indicating if multiline text is allowed for short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ec71e941-2997-c51a-5a71-177633a7f220.md">GetContentShortTextMultiLineH</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content short text horizontal multiline alignment value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6eb418a8-04ef-8e77-3626-1f3033e8435f.md">GetContentShortTextNewFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the short text by generating a new font instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e47b7774-dbf2-bf7e-2863-c88e510a2293.md">GetContentShortTextPrefix</a></td>
<td>Gets the prefix drawing setting for short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6d59aeb3-b6b4-e723-a557-6e4c45cff995.md">GetContentShortTextTrim</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual text trimming for the short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c37e9cc1-94f7-9cbb-2f08-56c28381fca2.md">GetContentShortTextV</a></td>
<td>Gets the actual content short text vertical alignment value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2fc55c53-a3a4-5676-0f95-93fd5055217d.md">GetContentStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the style appropriate for this content.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="89fff945-dab3-8dcc-eb17-6f4c529a0220.md">PopulateFromBase</a></td>
<td>Populate values from the base palette.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7b72b707-11b8-5aa4-91d6-c29a0f81e06c.md">SetInherit</a></td>
<td>Sets the inheritance parent.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="cab6d0b2-e376-4728-ac52-1ada59eed973.md">PaletteInputControlContentStates Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
