# PaletteHeaderRedirect Class


Redirect storage for a header state.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class PaletteHeaderRedirect : PaletteTripleMetricRedirect
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class PaletteHeaderRedirect
	Inherits PaletteTripleMetricRedirect
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>  →  <a href="71152bc2-4751-04ec-d520-f317200d79e5.md">PaletteTripleRedirect</a>  →  <a href="f5976af6-9acd-09f1-6fda-a35ba3a898d9.md">PaletteTripleMetricRedirect</a>  →  PaletteHeaderRedirect</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="3714d45c-e174-7097-a86f-331ebca2e663.md">PaletteHeaderRedirect</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the PaletteHeaderRedirect class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="6767d4e9-d14c-2edf-ccad-aba08ee11072.md">Back</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the background palette details.<br />(Inherited from <a href="71152bc2-4751-04ec-d520-f317200d79e5.md">PaletteTripleRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2c3f4511-50e5-4030-2c98-73950d5ae0e3.md">BackStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the back palette style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="71152bc2-4751-04ec-d520-f317200d79e5.md">PaletteTripleRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5316830e-5813-c1c9-decc-a2cafd72aef5.md">Border</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the border palette details.<br />(Inherited from <a href="71152bc2-4751-04ec-d520-f317200d79e5.md">PaletteTripleRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5753f869-fef4-d226-ef14-741f1795f87f.md">BorderStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border palette style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="71152bc2-4751-04ec-d520-f317200d79e5.md">PaletteTripleRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7cfd4ec3-7daf-a637-261f-42ce9cae5321.md">ButtonEdgeInset</a></td>
<td>Gets the sets how far to inset buttons from the header edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="01162d97-05a8-7a70-099a-b445beef6314.md">ButtonPadding</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the padding used around each button on the header.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="84929670-e110-3024-54fd-be1d231bae16.md">Content</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the content palette details.<br />(Inherited from <a href="71152bc2-4751-04ec-d520-f317200d79e5.md">PaletteTripleRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e06aa530-873c-13d1-a29b-9abdf89f6c09.md">ContentStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the content palette style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="71152bc2-4751-04ec-d520-f317200d79e5.md">PaletteTripleRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="688ce496-541c-e46e-1c24-9c27c1843030.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all values are default.<br />(Overrides <a href="53b47ce3-1f82-8b77-7c8b-490ec4d133a5.md">PaletteTripleRedirect.IsDefault</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="097a0f47-e60c-4bf7-802c-8391c6d8feff.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="879ca7f2-32c5-8581-44f2-c7aee6491db2.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bde145c2-ec88-dcd0-e595-0e7828aebd89.md">PaletteBack</a></td>
<td>Gets the background palette.<br />(Inherited from <a href="71152bc2-4751-04ec-d520-f317200d79e5.md">PaletteTripleRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b128f9d6-f46e-fa9d-a5cd-5c718084524a.md">PaletteBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border palette.<br />(Inherited from <a href="71152bc2-4751-04ec-d520-f317200d79e5.md">PaletteTripleRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e105a316-5806-7bf1-90af-47a8802b736c.md">PaletteContent</a></td>
<td>Gets the content palette.<br />(Inherited from <a href="71152bc2-4751-04ec-d520-f317200d79e5.md">PaletteTripleRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0d8d114f-bcba-ed4d-7a29-0a73f3fbe549.md">GetMetricBool</a></td>
<td>Gets a boolean metric value.<br />(Overrides <a href="488a4751-b841-a697-5774-840ffd23af36.md">PaletteTripleMetricRedirect.GetMetricBool(PaletteState, PaletteMetricBool)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f218d482-b59e-365f-7f52-cebdaee381f9.md">GetMetricInt</a></td>
<td>Gets an integer metric value.<br />(Overrides <a href="9a957815-0501-baaa-29e6-54ea5383ad62.md">PaletteTripleMetricRedirect.GetMetricInt(PaletteState, PaletteMetricInt)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="94a10c4b-0968-fc81-b4ab-5be94defa114.md">GetMetricPadding</a></td>
<td>Gets a padding metric value.<br />(Overrides <a href="3171087f-1f27-dd2b-5526-61ef2427c2cf.md">PaletteTripleMetricRedirect.GetMetricPadding(PaletteState, PaletteMetricPadding)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="15cb01b3-0ee7-06ae-e225-21c682f82ef8.md">OnNeedPaint(Object, Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Handle a change event from palette source.<br />(Inherited from <a href="71152bc2-4751-04ec-d520-f317200d79e5.md">PaletteTripleRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint(Object, NeedLayoutEventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="015af86f-612e-63e2-4c90-d9565b792d31.md">PopulateFromBase</a></td>
<td>Populate values from the base palette.<br />(Inherited from <a href="71152bc2-4751-04ec-d520-f317200d79e5.md">PaletteTripleRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f34894b4-a02a-4dd1-c454-499d2195431b.md">ResetButtonEdgeInset</a></td>
<td>Reset the ButtonEdgeInset to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="edabb4ff-cdad-1077-822d-2f937d9b0ea7.md">ResetButtonPadding</a></td>
<td>Reset the ButtonPadding to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f5f2c953-9735-225b-9cc4-ca6fd36dfc86.md">SetRedirector</a></td>
<td>Update the redirector with new reference.<br />(Overrides <a href="9e9279da-badd-e8bc-4ff0-d5401829c5b2.md">PaletteTripleMetricRedirect.SetRedirector(PaletteRedirect)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8c5167a8-6243-da06-eb84-45895e52b9df.md">SetStyles(ButtonStyle)</a></td>
<td>Update the palette styles using a button style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="71152bc2-4751-04ec-d520-f317200d79e5.md">PaletteTripleRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9c443c7d-42bc-6133-ae5b-ed568fa69c77.md">SetStyles(HeaderStyle)</a></td>
<td>Update the palette styles using a header style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="71152bc2-4751-04ec-d520-f317200d79e5.md">PaletteTripleRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="61318529-975d-bdbe-d786-d640c7a6383a.md">SetStyles(PaletteBackStyle, PaletteBorderStyle, PaletteContentStyle)</a></td>
<td>Update each individual style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="71152bc2-4751-04ec-d520-f317200d79e5.md">PaletteTripleRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
