# KryptonHelpCommand Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0d8f0e4c-8a2f-5dda-0a57-5ade6a4a1c27.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Clean up any resources being used.<br />(Inherited from <a href="405c9190-9a07-407c-9d40-1510447ccef6.md">KryptonCommand</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="da30d24e-0c45-079e-5208-79752c57286c.md">OnExecute</a></td>
<td>Raises the Execute event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="405c9190-9a07-407c-9d40-1510447ccef6.md">KryptonCommand</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dc5d8a2f-da95-f7a6-4514-8ea9f882442d.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td><br />(Overrides <a href="abcf8455-40e1-5e55-c02f-f890489c5be2.md">KryptonCommand.OnPropertyChanged(PropertyChangedEventArgs)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="008c8940-f907-5b7d-cb57-7bb3e1bce27e.md">PerformExecute</a></td>
<td>Generates a Execute event for a button.<br />(Inherited from <a href="405c9190-9a07-407c-9d40-1510447ccef6.md">KryptonCommand</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="d2d73fb7-3488-4b24-638f-2d28a9b21995.md">KryptonHelpCommand Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
