# KryptonPaletteNavigatorStateBar Class


Storage for bar values for a navigator state.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonPaletteNavigatorStateBar : Storage, 
	IPaletteMetric
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonPaletteNavigatorStateBar
	Inherits Storage
	Implements IPaletteMetric
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>  →  KryptonPaletteNavigatorStateBar</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td><a href="24be40a1-a3fd-2c4b-ff96-f9b04b615193.md">IPaletteMetric</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="9b8d229c-f616-958b-d99c-43c39db9a2cc.md">KryptonPaletteNavigatorStateBar</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonPaletteNavigatorStateBar class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="bf4296d6-77f4-ffb1-4e78-bdef6f8bef37.md">BarPaddingInside</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the padding used around the bar when placed inside the group.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ed4f6034-9187-ab53-fad3-1ca28ee809cf.md">BarPaddingOnly</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the padding used around the bar when placed on its own.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aa30c5a0-07e7-5cce-ec6f-413d233d033e.md">BarPaddingOutside</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the padding used around the bar when placed outside the group.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b6bc957a-07bc-681e-b384-179340506d77.md">BarPaddingTabs</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the padding used around the bar when displaying tabs.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a854e021-59aa-8cc1-8c0e-5ae4be4d466f.md">ButtonEdgeInside</a></td>
<td>Gets the sets how far to inset buttons from the button bar.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8720da72-6818-b07b-8c3d-89c502e77019.md">ButtonEdgeOutside</a></td>
<td>Gets the sets how far to inset buttons from the control edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="034f26de-b5d8-8ed6-5ad5-a1bc1e54777c.md">ButtonPadding</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the padding used around each button on the button bar.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="37b3b7e6-4e90-6231-ca0b-30c739d18117.md">CheckButtonGap</a></td>
<td>Gets the sets the spacing gap between each check button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d2a8b84e-04af-3f6c-5f8f-2b034fbea1e9.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all values are default.<br />(Overrides <a href="bbc0e831-9474-3bce-65dc-0625d793d8c1.md">Storage.IsDefault</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="097a0f47-e60c-4bf7-802c-8391c6d8feff.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="879ca7f2-32c5-8581-44f2-c7aee6491db2.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c7f86e0b-4839-8291-3eed-3d8f14d6465b.md">RibbonTabGap</a></td>
<td>Gets the sets the spacing gap between each ribbon tab.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ee479a29-3301-7df8-50f9-91cef9035d0c.md">GetMetricBool</a></td>
<td>Gets a boolean metric value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e3d3efba-2a33-a1c6-7dc3-bd759ce6c872.md">GetMetricInt</a></td>
<td>Gets an integer metric value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7522c7e7-6265-34c7-f7e7-10957671cc84.md">GetMetricPadding</a></td>
<td>Gets a padding metric value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cd3e45b6-5453-0c50-c6e6-a35817876127.md">PopulateFromBase</a></td>
<td>Populate values from the base palette.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6f40dcd6-403e-f156-a751-2b23bb9f3837.md">ResetBarPaddingInside</a></td>
<td>Reset the BarPaddingInside to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c69fbe3a-1731-a80c-dd39-6fc2b61618d1.md">ResetBarPaddingOnly</a></td>
<td>Reset the BarPaddingOnly to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8f9442b4-e733-bd61-2a4c-4db3e55ea267.md">ResetBarPaddingOutside</a></td>
<td>Reset the BarPaddingOutside to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f0150f9c-fdc6-8aca-aeac-d49799cf41e1.md">ResetBarPaddingTabs</a></td>
<td>Reset the BarPaddingTabs to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9874fd01-7853-8227-e514-1268f311f718.md">ResetButtonEdgeInside</a></td>
<td>Reset the ButtonEdgeInside to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a32e22ba-4132-e3dc-2aa0-78e08af84235.md">ResetButtonEdgeOutside</a></td>
<td>Reset the ButtonEdgeOutside to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="413b70c9-d93b-d7e0-316f-20c78577775c.md">ResetButtonPadding</a></td>
<td>Reset the ButtonPadding to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="00d0b794-e39b-dfad-4488-6b4cf8896947.md">ResetCheckButtonGap</a></td>
<td>Reset the CheckButtonGap to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6de37a68-8e55-5d54-a00d-99c7957b178e.md">ResetRibbonTabGap</a></td>
<td>Reset the RibbonTabGap to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
