# ObjectCollection Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Add(Object)</td>
<td>Adds an item to the list of items for a ListBox.<br />(Inherited from ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6bbc2772-460f-48ac-eaa7-6820ab04356a.md">Add(Object, Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Adds an item to the list of items for a CheckedListBox, specifying the object to add and whether it is checked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="958eb85f-6543-ae2a-1627-2b68af5d598e.md">Add(Object, CheckState)</a></td>
<td>Adds an item to the list of items for a CheckedListBox, specifying the object to add and the initial checked value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AddRange(Object[])</td>
<td>Adds an array of items to the list of items for a ListBox.<br />(Inherited from ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AddRange(ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td>
<td>Adds the items of an existing ListBox.ObjectCollection to the list of items in a ListBox.<br />(Inherited from ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Clear</td>
<td>Removes all items from the collection.<br />(Inherited from ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Contains</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified item is located within the collection.<br />(Inherited from ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CopyTo</td>
<td>Copies the entire collection into an existing array of objects at a specified location within the array.<br />(Inherited from ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetEnumerator</td>
<td>Returns an enumerator to use to iterate through the item collection.<br />(Inherited from ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IndexOf</td>
<td>Returns the index within the collection of the specified item.<br />(Inherited from ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Insert</td>
<td>Inserts an item into the list box at the specified index.<br />(Inherited from ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Remove</td>
<td>Removes the specified object from the collection.<br />(Inherited from ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RemoveAt</td>
<td>Removes the item at the specified index within the collection.<br />(Inherited from ListBox.ObjectCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="57e9727a-66a1-995f-4f15-ff7942f614b8.md">KryptonCheckedListBox.ObjectCollection Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
