# KryptonColorTable365 Class


Provide KryptonColorTable365 values using an array of Color values as the source.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonColorTable365 : KryptonColorTable
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonColorTable365
	Inherits KryptonColorTable
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ProfessionalColorTable  →  <a href="dea02866-c4bb-a4a9-94c0-3c39ed614761.md">KryptonColorTable</a>  →  KryptonColorTable365</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="ed8de019-6cb8-3236-8571-1e7100e12898.md">KryptonColorTable365</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonColorTable2010 class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="68cec355-2bb8-acfd-74e0-416ca1ce63f5.md">ButtonCheckedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the background starting color for a checked button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="854a9195-cebf-a517-a080-a20abad27870.md">ButtonCheckedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the background ending color for a checked button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="22d0b123-ea07-064c-21e9-2d63bdb08bde.md">ButtonCheckedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background middle color for a checked button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7f79c213-3f3e-0837-9167-d1de024c25d0.md">ButtonCheckedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight background for a checked button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedHighlight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aaab2bf9-c199-d8c5-5930-0a1217dc6dc5.md">ButtonCheckedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight border for a checked button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedHighlightBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="35a8a51d-f85c-b1f5-48ff-41efb612be5f.md">ButtonPressedBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color for a button being pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4fb3f01b-fab8-1305-f495-6748779d263a.md">ButtonPressedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the background starting color for a button being pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5a98b00c-6a31-c478-7bb1-56582aff8f49.md">ButtonPressedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the background ending color for a button being pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4faf7bed-f857-f304-eaa0-68668d1ed955.md">ButtonPressedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background middle color for a button being pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7aad9708-ed45-01e7-00c7-74e011f71a8d.md">ButtonPressedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight background for a pressed button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedHighlight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c39da9b8-d172-64ab-800f-533f61a773b3.md">ButtonPressedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight border for a pressed button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedHighlightBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c7c6c4f3-58d9-a7eb-3b09-416b8bf0418b.md">ButtonSelectedBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color for a button being selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f08b6797-df34-01fc-c17b-2178a2b16ec3.md">ButtonSelectedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the background starting color for a button being selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="69b36cbb-7463-7c5a-579d-416184928fbe.md">ButtonSelectedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the background ending color for a button being selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="885cadb3-53cd-39aa-a372-eccf97b2a7ff.md">ButtonSelectedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background middle color for a button being selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="73a14bed-9902-4fc1-6b33-6b82331b252f.md">ButtonSelectedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight background for a selected button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedHighlight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f38a577a-8e85-a1fb-e34b-21c3157055de.md">ButtonSelectedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight border for a selected button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedHighlightBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4f4d4c4b-784e-4a87-4bd5-e962a919939e.md">CheckBackground</a></td>
<td>Get background of the check mark area.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.CheckBackground)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="59c04215-2315-56f1-fe32-d4b29da00236.md">CheckPressedBackground</a></td>
<td>Get background of a pressed check mark area.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.CheckPressedBackground)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b2b32746-7af9-657e-e1db-a76491ac28f4.md">CheckSelectedBackground</a></td>
<td>Get background of a selected check mark area.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.CheckSelectedBackground)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2512f90c-359b-2ed5-f63d-1ab98e177641.md">Colors</a></td>
<td>Gets the raw set of colors.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="65357a6a-2f94-f415-ac15-15317c8d77a3.md">GripDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the dark color used to draw grips.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.GripDark)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="db1c696c-c97e-4d9b-d27a-cfd6a1404603.md">GripLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the light color used to draw grips.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.GripLight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71048d19-32d3-a67b-cb7f-249df0088d20.md">ImageMarginGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color for the context menu margin.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="15a764ac-f13d-175f-10a0-da1c7ca9072d.md">ImageMarginGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the ending color for the context menu margin.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4a68f91e-accd-5983-16c2-ac369b48a58b.md">ImageMarginGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color for the context menu margin.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dfe4dbff-0cfb-ebda-4db1-8be694e61d43.md">ImageMarginRevealedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color for the context menu margin revealed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginRevealedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c21b982b-62f8-9cfe-2e19-6adab67a4cc7.md">ImageMarginRevealedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the ending color for the context menu margin revealed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginRevealedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4a3c0c5c-b07b-22cb-9882-85f69e2575cc.md">ImageMarginRevealedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color for the context menu margin revealed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginRevealedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="df2cafc8-4fe7-3e35-4064-e92f5df0f934.md">MenuBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the color of the border around menus.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9d7747dd-e3ed-7b69-ccbf-b1fa7d0c8958.md">MenuItemBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color for around the menu item.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5dbfd6ef-9ad2-d8c8-8a5c-acd93bfbb065.md">MenuItemPressedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed down.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemPressedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="88ce1fcb-f330-f0ea-d296-88ec3c4a13b5.md">MenuItemPressedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed down.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemPressedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a46bbbad-3fb6-b5a1-785c-51a5eac0df7b.md">MenuItemPressedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed down.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemPressedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="db9e7f85-f0b1-8524-b155-fcecdf5e4a7d.md">MenuItemSelected</a></td>
<td>Gets the color of a selected menu item.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemSelected)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c23cea9d-6d37-429e-af77-ae31544c3510.md">MenuItemSelectedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used when the ToolStripMenuItem is selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemSelectedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="08171762-52c9-6020-6101-c54cdc174173.md">MenuItemSelectedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used when the ToolStripMenuItem is selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemSelectedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76f744fa-76ab-5392-dfb6-84af69d1a429.md">MenuItemText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the menu items.<br />(Overrides <a href="bf5ef5b1-9be2-555a-03e6-f3a4f8cbfdcc.md">KryptonColorTable.MenuItemText</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ea367f7a-ba17-f0f0-1154-0c30053ae23f.md">MenuStripFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font used on the menu strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="b6ef872c-406f-7471-482e-2ec54dce7743.md">KryptonColorTable.MenuStripFont</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7ae82f51-4fd1-b46c-e9da-7b4708232f48.md">MenuStripGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the MenuStrip.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuStripGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="351180fe-51f6-e98c-ad41-adc58670eb98.md">MenuStripGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the MenuStrip.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuStripGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b0518def-8036-3f1a-213e-ad38fc1cdc56.md">MenuStripText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the menu strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="a1a476de-b35c-977c-1f23-fef0e03abc48.md">KryptonColorTable.MenuStripText</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="54ec88a8-5010-3338-6a08-ad518aac2d30.md">OverflowButtonGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.OverflowButtonGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aa04634f-9b8b-0343-e823-438ec99d09e6.md">OverflowButtonGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.OverflowButtonGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bc01afe1-8d94-1517-e155-583b028dd112.md">OverflowButtonGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.OverflowButtonGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5402a30e-107d-4479-d1f2-397262be6b24.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets the associated palette instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="dea02866-c4bb-a4a9-94c0-3c39ed614761.md">KryptonColorTable</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="49d7d2a2-1bfc-5d76-9d31-b90160e0f323.md">RaftingContainerGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripContainer.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.RaftingContainerGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="603bdd0e-0688-7108-260f-3154867e2f58.md">RaftingContainerGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripContainer.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.RaftingContainerGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="57926f65-2c5c-50d1-0b30-8e8ad46529e6.md">SeparatorDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the dark separator color.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.SeparatorDark)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="14ee0234-e8ac-286e-7b3f-db6ccb565ccb.md">SeparatorLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the light separator color.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.SeparatorLight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StatusStripBorder</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0d0d3913-d839-bee9-ecb5-605561fbc5c3.md">StatusStripFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font used on the status strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="9ebed260-f09c-e4cb-fe1f-c316142558e7.md">KryptonColorTable.StatusStripFont</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="38bf967b-8f22-da9f-140d-e3ebbf811154.md">StatusStripGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color for the status strip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.StatusStripGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31e6cd94-d914-e6a9-fcb6-45bf40cdbb8f.md">StatusStripGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the ending color for the status strip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.StatusStripGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="314fd634-9bcc-dea0-3f0e-e1aab90c50e7.md">StatusStripText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the status strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="01632758-e1ce-3543-6a11-29f340b923e5.md">KryptonColorTable.StatusStripText</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="930387d9-2f34-c60f-8613-7b517150d944.md">ToolStripBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color to use on the bottom edge of the ToolStrip.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2252216e-bf9d-e8e9-86c0-548c920fcb1a.md">ToolStripContentPanelGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color for the content panel background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripContentPanelGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a0993e72-4539-ca28-25fd-3ba9edeb929a.md">ToolStripContentPanelGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the ending color for the content panel background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripContentPanelGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aa634881-7852-1612-ac30-a406be387bf1.md">ToolStripDropDownBackground</a></td>
<td>Gets the background color for drop down menus.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripDropDownBackground)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d5f376ae-3f05-c8dd-0d78-db9c78cc81fa.md">ToolStripFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font used on the tool strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="f4298298-46cc-e27b-a4cb-8add7f253083.md">KryptonColorTable.ToolStripFont</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="23e0496a-20d2-d3ea-d6fc-7c4dd36e9bab.md">ToolStripGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ff65bc05-008f-6975-d68b-860c331c2227.md">ToolStripGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="49ab6361-1ebb-ed6a-fa94-7dcdeb1ae7d9.md">ToolStripGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e92ee40c-19e0-4367-0b81-ad15e7313f47.md">ToolStripPanelGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripPanel.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripPanelGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="64176922-d003-4dda-dba0-432fff0f9df1.md">ToolStripPanelGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripPanel.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripPanelGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="50bb5428-6d3c-c07e-942c-17ffd2f67120.md">ToolStripText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the tool strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="79d91581-1635-df06-699e-90c821c48509.md">KryptonColorTable.ToolStripText</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="052e9bd4-f787-0d96-885a-8dd3d11bbeeb.md">UseRoundedEdges</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if rounded egdes are required.<br />(Overrides <a href="16893f9b-41f9-0398-61d5-ab2e1a31331c.md">KryptonColorTable.UseRoundedEdges</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseSystemColors</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use SystemColors rather than colors that match the current visual style.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
