# ContextPositionMenuArgs Class


Details for context menu related events that have a requested relative position.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class ContextPositionMenuArgs : ContextMenuArgs
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class ContextPositionMenuArgs
	Inherits ContextMenuArgs
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  EventArgs  →  CancelEventArgs  →  <a href="52b19374-1f8b-781f-0f56-500e31c51106.md">ContextMenuArgs</a>  →  ContextPositionMenuArgs</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Derived</strong></td><td><a href="cb04c2b8-450b-8830-613f-3a9bd1ccef2d.md">Krypton.Toolkit.BreadCrumbMenuArgs</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="ae46667c-2195-d357-c1d9-9118416a043d.md">ContextPositionMenuArgs()</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the ContextMenuArgs class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="733abd94-7904-0a3e-df80-aa487fbf843b.md">ContextPositionMenuArgs(ContextMenuStrip)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the ContextMenuArgs class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9995a2be-537a-c3cf-b7c0-f364e0d2ab44.md">ContextPositionMenuArgs(KryptonContextMenu, KryptonContextMenuPositionH, KryptonContextMenuPositionV)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the ContextMenuArgs class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3d28fd43-b64b-807b-15d6-1c41855b07c0.md">ContextPositionMenuArgs(ContextMenuStrip, KryptonContextMenu, KryptonContextMenuPositionH, KryptonContextMenuPositionV)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the ContextMenuArgs class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>Cancel</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the event should be canceled.<br />(Inherited from CancelEventArgs)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="32390fde-7083-3dd2-6494-32fd8adbd99e.md">ContextMenuStrip</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the context menu strip instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="52b19374-1f8b-781f-0f56-500e31c51106.md">ContextMenuArgs</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cd9b5ec2-123d-7037-14a9-c169a87a51e1.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the KryptonContextMenu instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="52b19374-1f8b-781f-0f56-500e31c51106.md">ContextMenuArgs</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0826fe85-87f3-0ca6-7573-ace50953053e.md">PositionH</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the relative horizontal position of the KryptonContextMenu.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2191ea87-270e-2361-bb20-cc87bd698e97.md">PositionV</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the relative vertical position of the KryptonContextMenu.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
