# KryptonContextMenuItemBase Class


Base class that all menu types must derive from and implement.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public abstract class KryptonContextMenuItemBase : Component, 
	INotifyPropertyChanged
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public MustInherit Class KryptonContextMenuItemBase
	Inherits Component
	Implements INotifyPropertyChanged
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  KryptonContextMenuItemBase</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Derived</strong></td><td><a href="2ada1742-b501-4f19-8766-507ddaee90ff.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonContextMenuCheckBox</a><br /><a href="bd02d6b1-ae1e-f6a7-463e-79ef3ae0cc29.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonContextMenuCheckButton</a><br /><a href="a03f4fa5-4606-e969-136a-566429e6d5f7.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonContextMenuColorColumns</a><br /><a href="08b1cec6-5073-847d-cdd0-9b412d725ead.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonContextMenuComboBox</a><br /><a href="b108531d-91a0-e13e-8081-f9ed4531c2d5.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonContextMenuHeading</a><br /><a href="de8f6cb5-0864-b7f0-52fb-4d8deccd0d55.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonContextMenuImageSelect</a><br /><a href="19269e57-f7e7-326d-c5b4-f602bf32208b.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonContextMenuItem</a><br /><a href="3b443c90-918a-6b71-586d-1e1f76c6f737.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonContextMenuItems</a><br /><a href="08c3baf7-f52a-d2d3-cd52-dd3f21a73917.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonContextMenuLinkLabel</a><br /><a href="21fa5974-9528-a21d-69c1-4f405fb466f5.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonContextMenuMonthCalendar</a><br /><a href="fe997c3d-8d4d-e7be-bfb9-bde5d3644045.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonContextMenuRadioButton</a><br /><a href="affaec87-aa0f-c1f2-d883-9f4543e002c4.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonContextMenuSeparator</a></td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td>INotifyPropertyChanged</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="e187d7cc-431e-45b1-aa66-aab87d1a6255.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonContextMenuItem class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the component can raise an event.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ISite of the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4ca54ae1-2f96-5bce-ffd0-420b8c0c9113.md">Tag</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets user-defined data associated with the object.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e2db60c0-a28d-f7ef-1290-98ef541699f9.md">ToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ToolTipValues content.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="222ce9e0-7672-2989-1f3d-56ab63d1e070.md">Visible</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the item is visible in the context menu.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4ff50a92-e0d0-944c-4542-c1dfe1101a0b.md">GenerateView</a></td>
<td>Returns a view appropriate for this item based on the object it is inside.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="313c6727-c18d-a9a3-5fb5-e592eb5e4516.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0493ef13-8c03-5b4b-aca9-9ed23ff0e858.md">OnToolTipNeeded</a></td>
<td>Raises the ToolTipNeeded event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1290fb0d-f07b-010e-f79d-c7e1a108ac56.md">ProcessShortcut</a></td>
<td>Test for the provided shortcut and perform relevant action if a match is found.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="46907c04-f166-ac3c-11f3-65f5be172eef.md">ResetToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipValues property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5f9b6f70-f6ff-e88d-acfd-f88d1130586b.md">PropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when a property has changed value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19756262-2a00-26bd-456c-0f5ee895e24a.md">ToolTipNeeded</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the <a href="19269e57-f7e7-326d-c5b4-f602bf32208b.md">KryptonContextMenuItem</a> wants to display a tooltip.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
