# CalendarButtonSpecCollection Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="281031b5-bd4e-17d1-6f01-e67db75c3541.md">Add(T)</a></td>
<td>Append a button spec to the collection.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f8e597ed-563e-9610-4f3a-2e5b9507f06f.md">ButtonSpecCollection(T)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="09a27559-4605-528e-9725-81d1697120d2.md">Add(Object)</a></td>
<td>Append a button spec to the collection.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f8e597ed-563e-9610-4f3a-2e5b9507f06f.md">ButtonSpecCollection(T)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9975cfdb-eb10-48db-5979-4de3b4ac7b1c.md">AddRange</a></td>
<td>Append an array of button spec instances.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f8e597ed-563e-9610-4f3a-2e5b9507f06f.md">ButtonSpecCollection(T)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d19b9b08-6063-39bc-d91a-e0a8d4711e44.md">Clear</a></td>
<td>Remove all pages from the collection.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f8e597ed-563e-9610-4f3a-2e5b9507f06f.md">ButtonSpecCollection(T)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ebc67d55-3e84-89a8-a555-172b79a7cc80.md">Contains(T)</a></td>
<td>Determines whether the collection contains the button spec.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f8e597ed-563e-9610-4f3a-2e5b9507f06f.md">ButtonSpecCollection(T)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f513b02e-0bf5-f4fb-9bd0-7f37e3766646.md">Contains(Object)</a></td>
<td>Determines whether the collection contains the button spec.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f8e597ed-563e-9610-4f3a-2e5b9507f06f.md">ButtonSpecCollection(T)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0b70f7e-9006-26fa-e1d3-f089aba50856.md">CopyTo(Array, Int32)</a></td>
<td>Copies all the elements of the current collection to the specified Array.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f8e597ed-563e-9610-4f3a-2e5b9507f06f.md">ButtonSpecCollection(T)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3034396a-0527-8a83-d30a-0c0a05899c91.md">CopyTo(T[], Int32)</a></td>
<td>Copies button specs to specified array starting at particular index.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f8e597ed-563e-9610-4f3a-2e5b9507f06f.md">ButtonSpecCollection(T)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d7f411d7-c72d-6233-9764-c8bbb3e4fdd0.md">Enumerate</a></td>
<td>Provide non generic access to the enumerator.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f8e597ed-563e-9610-4f3a-2e5b9507f06f.md">ButtonSpecCollection(T)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="041bae1f-5d6e-de63-eb5e-b3a6ee549edb.md">GetEnumerator</a></td>
<td>Shallow enumerate over button specs in the collection.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f8e597ed-563e-9610-4f3a-2e5b9507f06f.md">ButtonSpecCollection(T)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="611a5833-c5bd-6604-459f-6b08f70a3318.md">IndexOf(T)</a></td>
<td>Determines the index of the specified spec in the collection.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f8e597ed-563e-9610-4f3a-2e5b9507f06f.md">ButtonSpecCollection(T)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="47f7891f-6620-4d17-4b05-63cba4f7f0fd.md">IndexOf(Object)</a></td>
<td>Determines the index of the specified spec in the collection.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f8e597ed-563e-9610-4f3a-2e5b9507f06f.md">ButtonSpecCollection(T)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cf1a20b9-66b5-e015-0e1a-7c69ff541209.md">Insert(Int32, T)</a></td>
<td>Inserts a button spec to the collection at the specified index.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f8e597ed-563e-9610-4f3a-2e5b9507f06f.md">ButtonSpecCollection(T)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="03f038d8-788c-b98d-15a6-4a463e0dbc26.md">Insert(Int32, Object)</a></td>
<td>Inserts a button spec to the collection at the specified index.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f8e597ed-563e-9610-4f3a-2e5b9507f06f.md">ButtonSpecCollection(T)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3be86d67-9616-a0a8-63a6-048432ee85f2.md">OnInserted</a></td>
<td>Raises the Inserted event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="b2d666e2-6a3d-ffbf-f115-af56bd76b9f0.md">ButtonSpecCollectionBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9d827444-fd63-387d-2ac9-037bd0ee5128.md">OnInserting</a></td>
<td>Raises the Inserting event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="b2d666e2-6a3d-ffbf-f115-af56bd76b9f0.md">ButtonSpecCollectionBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6a1c8fea-f272-c257-7e58-96dc329386d5.md">OnRemoved</a></td>
<td>Raises the Removed event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="b2d666e2-6a3d-ffbf-f115-af56bd76b9f0.md">ButtonSpecCollectionBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="341350d8-11dd-7940-8301-17c34e62e905.md">OnRemoving</a></td>
<td>Raises the Removing event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="b2d666e2-6a3d-ffbf-f115-af56bd76b9f0.md">ButtonSpecCollectionBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="13cc83bc-51f8-d223-e602-f3056460bf51.md">Remove(T)</a></td>
<td>Removes first occurrence of specified spec.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f8e597ed-563e-9610-4f3a-2e5b9507f06f.md">ButtonSpecCollection(T)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0681bafa-2811-0eb3-01ee-41f777100ad6.md">Remove(Object)</a></td>
<td>Removes first occurrence of specified object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f8e597ed-563e-9610-4f3a-2e5b9507f06f.md">ButtonSpecCollection(T)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="25b0bd45-b1c3-de85-b381-988d5513fa81.md">RemoveAt</a></td>
<td>Removes the button spec at the specified index.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f8e597ed-563e-9610-4f3a-2e5b9507f06f.md">ButtonSpecCollection(T)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a89be24a-24e7-de63-a384-0538d1905f97.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Obtains the String representation of this instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f8e597ed-563e-9610-4f3a-2e5b9507f06f.md">ButtonSpecCollection(T)</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="7a497ba9-0934-59bb-b8cc-e6b144951210.md">ViewDrawMonth.CalendarButtonSpecCollection Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
