# KryptonSplitterPanel Class


Special panel used in the KryptonSplitContainer.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public sealed class KryptonSplitterPanel : KryptonPanel
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public NotInheritable Class KryptonSplitterPanel
	Inherits KryptonPanel
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  Control  →  ScrollableControl  →  Panel  →  <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>  →  <a href="db01fa72-e272-89bc-b720-8eb9d57870c9.md">KryptonPanel</a>  →  KryptonSplitterPanel</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="1630591c-308a-9d32-dd9e-7551c5fcb3f7.md">KryptonSplitterPanel</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonSplitterPanel class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can accept data that the user drags onto it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScroll</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the container enables the user to scroll to any controls placed outside of its visible boundaries.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollMargin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size of the auto-scroll margin.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollMinSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the minimum size of the auto-scroll.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollPosition</td>
<td>Gets or sets the location of the auto-scroll position.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="441585b6-fd20-76dc-6d09-02a5ef7f64c0.md">BackColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background color for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6466ec22-4514-ace7-0fea-b737c79488a7.md">BackgroundImage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9ada4c8e-6559-7da0-efa8-40af878813c1.md">BackgroundImageLayout</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image layout.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BorderStyle</td>
<td>Indicates the border style for the control.<br />(Inherited from Panel)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e7eada63-a540-6de0-ddb4-02ff44fc23c2.md">ContextMenuStrip</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the ContextMenuStrip associated with this control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Controls</td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the virtual display area of the control.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focused</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a6dbc4c7-9726-f3ce-32d8-68a8e372f9f7.md">Font</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the font of the text displayed by the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5215b020-6f6a-6b71-c38b-fe3b082c1208.md">ForeColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the foreground color for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="28a61092-f3b8-f1f7-83f4-a7b9b2140f0d.md">Height</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the KryptonSplitterPanel.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HorizontalScroll</td>
<td>Gets the characteristics associated with the horizontal scroll bar.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="36df9f71-b3ef-bcee-1ff6-a8752d5f10be.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the KryptonContextMenu to show when right clicked.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets padding within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bb0f8bad-869a-f774-031f-8a4422ed5b78.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e1f3cf8f-ad62-8fe4-45ec-ebdf0ce43667.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f5af45ed-35c5-1e39-4760-59a067acc504.md">PanelBackStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the panel style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="db01fa72-e272-89bc-b720-8eb9d57870c9.md">KryptonPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c5a12159-5c3b-831b-ed7a-d45298d73d49.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="055fd52e-8b7d-94a2-3dab-2c514f8873e5.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common panel appearance that other states can override.<br />(Inherited from <a href="db01fa72-e272-89bc-b720-8eb9d57870c9.md">KryptonPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d473d5a6-a88f-c60f-10b5-4938920cecfc.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled panel appearance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="db01fa72-e272-89bc-b720-8eb9d57870c9.md">KryptonPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4df14618-4fce-8d28-27ff-949b0f4b7135.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal panel appearance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="db01fa72-e272-89bc-b720-8eb9d57870c9.md">KryptonPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can give the focus to this control using the TAB key.<br />(Inherited from Panel)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VerticalScroll</td>
<td>Gets the characteristics associated with the vertical scroll bar.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1ebb07a2-5741-da49-b3d6-62882dbabdb9.md">Width</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the KryptonSplitterPanel.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="7baa01ff-214b-64e3-95b5-91c1347fab2d.md">BeginInit</a></td>
<td>Signals the object that initialization is starting.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously with the specified arguments, on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BringToFront</td>
<td>Brings the control to the front of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Contains</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating whether the specified control is a child of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateControl</td>
<td>Forces the creation of the visible control, including the creation of the handle and any visible child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateGraphics</td>
<td>Creates the Graphics for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="892d80f1-feeb-d900-6ac0-f76692ade502.md">CreateToolStripRenderer</a></td>
<td>Create a tool strip renderer appropriate for the current renderer/palette pair.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">

VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects)</td>
<td>Begins a drag-and-drop operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects, Bitmap, Point, Boolean)</td>
<td>Begins a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DrawToBitmap</td>
<td>Supports rendering to the specified bitmap.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f49413a-d2bd-084b-6edb-52d5fb12dd6f.md">EndInit</a></td>
<td>Signals the object that initialization is complete.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EndInvoke</td>
<td>Retrieves the return value of the asynchronous operation represented by the IAsyncResult passed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindForm</td>
<td>Retrieves the form that the control is on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focus</td>
<td>Sets input focus to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point, GetChildAtPointSkip)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates, specifying whether to ignore child controls of a certain type.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetContainerControl</td>
<td>Returns the next ContainerControl up the control's chain of parent controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetNextControl</td>
<td>Retrieves the next control forward or back in the tab order of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPreferredSize</td>
<td>Retrieves the size of a rectangular area into which a control can be fitted.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Hide</td>
<td>Conceals the control from the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate()</td>
<td>Invalidates the entire surface of the control and causes the control to be redrawn.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates a specific region of the control and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate, on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle, with the specified list of arguments.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(T)(Func(T))</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Int32)</td>
<td>Converts a Logical DPI value to its equivalent DeviceUnit DPI value.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Size)</td>
<td>Transforms a size from logical to device units by scaling it for the current DPI and rounding down to the nearest integer value for width and height.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout()</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout(Control, String)</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8b80478e-c0c0-987a-adc6-dde9c515e109.md">PerformNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToClient</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified screen point into client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified client point into screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessControlMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToClient</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified screen rectangle in client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified client rectangle in screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Refresh</td>
<td>Forces the control to invalidate its client area and immediately redraw itself and any child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6dd21c9e-cf03-2327-a337-2fea5beea836.md">ResetPalette</a></td>
<td>Resets the Palette property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="59d310d1-ede1-a897-6ddd-1b1e8c59b886.md">ResetPaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Resets the PaletteMode property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResetText</td>
<td>Resets the Text property to its default value (Empty).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout()</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout(Boolean)</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic, optionally forcing an immediate layout of pending layout requests.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Scale</td>
<td>Scales the control and all child controls by the specified scaling factor.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleBitmapLogicalToDevice</td>
<td>Scales a logical bitmap value to it's equivalent device unit value when a DPI change occurs.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScrollControlIntoView</td>
<td>Scrolls the specified child control into view on an auto-scroll enabled control.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Select</td>
<td>Activates the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectNextControl</td>
<td>Activates the next control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SendToBack</td>
<td>Sends the control to the back of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetAutoScrollMargin</td>
<td>Sets the size of the auto-scroll margins.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Sets the bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, BoundsSpecified)</td>
<td>Sets the specified bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ff37a226-f09a-0130-0a31-b818f90486ba.md">SetFixedState</a></td>
<td>Fix the control to a particular palette state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="db01fa72-e272-89bc-b720-8eb9d57870c9.md">KryptonPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Show</td>
<td>Displays the control to the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SuspendLayout</td>
<td>Temporarily suspends the layout logic for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string representation for this control.<br />(Inherited from Panel)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Update</td>
<td>Causes the control to redraw the invalidated regions within its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>AutoSizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the AutoSize property has changed.<br />(Inherited from Panel)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackColor property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackgroundImage property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageLayoutChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the BackgroundImageLayout property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BindingContext property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidationChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the CausesValidation property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ChangeUICues</td>
<td>Occurs when the focus or keyboard user interface (UI) cues change.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Click</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is clicked.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ClientSize property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ContextMenuStrip property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlAdded</td>
<td>Occurs when a new control is added to the Control.ControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlRemoved</td>
<td>Occurs when a control is removed from the Control.ControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CursorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Cursor property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DataContext property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DockChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Dock property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is double-clicked.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DpiChangedAfterParent</td>
<td>Occurs when the DPI setting for a control is changed programmatically after the DPI of its parent control or form has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DpiChangedBeforeParent</td>
<td>Occurs when the DPI setting for a control is changed programmatically before a DPI change event for its parent control or form has occurred.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragDrop</td>
<td>Occurs when a drag-and-drop operation is completed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged into the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged out of the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragOver</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged over the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EnabledChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Enabled property value has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enter</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is entered.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Font property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ForeColor property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GiveFeedback</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f06c017d-516d-58da-cbe1-a0f834aa0077.md">GlobalPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the Global palette changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GotFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the control receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HandleCreated</td>
<td>Occurs when a handle is created for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HandleDestroyed</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's handle is in the process of being destroyed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HelpRequested</td>
<td>Occurs when the user requests help for a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ImeMode property has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5f263a29-0eb3-2836-a1d9-3b8ec9669672.md">Initialized</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the control is initialized.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidated</td>
<td>Occurs when a control's display requires redrawing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyDown</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is pressed while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyPress</td>
<td>Occurs when a character. space or backspace key is pressed while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyUp</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is released while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Layout</td>
<td>Occurs when a control should reposition its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Leave</td>
<td>Occurs when the input focus leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LocationChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Location property value has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LostFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the control loses focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MarginChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's margin changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseCaptureChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control loses mouse capture.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is clicked by the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is double clicked by the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDown</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the control and a mouse button is pressed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer enters the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseHover</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer rests on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseMove</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is moved over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseUp</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the control and a mouse button is released.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseWheel</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse wheel moves while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Move</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is moved.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PaddingChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's padding changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Paint</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is redrawn.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c251dc30-65e0-0376-464f-9c1aef7b246b.md">PaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the palette changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ParentChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Parent property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreviewKeyDown</td>
<td>Occurs before the KeyDown event when a key is pressed while focus is on this control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryAccessibilityHelp</td>
<td>Occurs when AccessibleObject is providing help to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag-and-drop operation and enables the drag source to determine whether the drag-and-drop operation should be canceled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RegionChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Region property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Resize</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the RightToLeft property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Scroll</td>
<td>Occurs when the user or code scrolls through the client area.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Size property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control style changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SystemColorsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the system colors change.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndexChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the TabIndex property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStopChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the TabStop property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Text property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validated</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is finished validating.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validating</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is validating.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VisibleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Visible property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
