# PaletteRibbonGeneralNavRedirect Class


Storage for general ribbon values.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Navigator (in Krypton.Navigator.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class PaletteRibbonGeneralNavRedirect : Storage, 
	IPaletteRibbonGeneral
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class PaletteRibbonGeneralNavRedirect
	Inherits Storage
	Implements IPaletteRibbonGeneral
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>  →  PaletteRibbonGeneralNavRedirect</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td><a href="7e9fb940-7d26-41b2-3437-b0d716494feb.md">IPaletteRibbonGeneral</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="47cfd2bc-8ce8-4dc9-2c29-822b14fd05af.md">PaletteRibbonGeneralNavRedirect</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the PaletteRibbonGeneralNavRedirect class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="014679de-d16a-5be9-3111-6751d6f008f0.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all values are default.<br />(Overrides <a href="bbc0e831-9474-3bce-65dc-0625d793d8c1.md">Storage.IsDefault</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="097a0f47-e60c-4bf7-802c-8391c6d8feff.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="879ca7f2-32c5-8581-44f2-c7aee6491db2.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4011885b-da03-dec9-981d-114b3fe3efae.md">TextFont</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the font for the ribbon text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="18e10fdc-5c58-124d-c3ca-21da68e7c29e.md">TextHint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the rendering hint for the text font.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="72e1f547-cfc2-f0d8-21e8-9609ac5d04a4.md">GetRibbonContextTextAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the text alignment for the ribbon context text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a19041b5-4116-574a-15f9-2cbc62e94ede.md">GetRibbonContextTextColor</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the ribbon context text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a54578be-296f-d660-e39f-0b4818afd98c.md">GetRibbonContextTextFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the ribbon context text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="88068742-363e-3907-c088-63b919925176.md">GetRibbonDisabledDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the dark disabled color used for ribbon glyphs.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0ea53780-1344-5037-831f-b89f68f3d90a.md">GetRibbonDisabledLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the light disabled color used for ribbon glyphs.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="863c5a1d-4944-3d2e-d7a5-762915a24fe8.md">GetRibbonDropArrowDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the drop arrow dark.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c9be0acc-6ea8-bb81-c57d-9299a7008518.md">GetRibbonDropArrowLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the drop arrow light.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bf0a662a-ad20-eb1f-fc70-2ca35c1e5694.md">GetRibbonGroupDialogDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the dialog launcher dark.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9e384552-0e52-57ff-c5fc-fac45beaef02.md">GetRibbonGroupDialogLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the dialog launcher light.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81cc4948-591a-a771-ce5b-b4d1b8ad06c9.md">GetRibbonGroupSeparatorDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the dialog launcher dark.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7250e222-671c-9040-66e3-0ac7b671835d.md">GetRibbonGroupSeparatorLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the dialog launcher light.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f16a7760-6475-0e87-faf4-868e2c125b5f.md">GetRibbonMinimizeBarDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the ribbon minimize bar dark.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9b5e565f-0924-db8c-1dc3-eb5616563e72.md">GetRibbonMinimizeBarLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the ribbon minimize bar light.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="16bde41d-dd79-f1cc-d93b-a9a6f252844d.md">GetRibbonQATButtonDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the extra QAT button dark content color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="82114e09-5a12-77d4-c27b-192e5e43f62a.md">GetRibbonQATButtonLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the extra QAT button light content color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="024401d4-2987-e6da-184c-8b23f1e4c74b.md">GetRibbonShape</a></td>
<td>Gets the ribbon shape.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="50019441-57d5-92f2-e2b0-56a7d9aeeedb.md">GetRibbonTabSeparatorColor</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the tab separator.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e4362a3d-0dd5-c31d-6ae8-7960c39e4b2a.md">GetRibbonTabSeparatorContextColor</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the tab context separator.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="288a25a7-6695-8318-fad3-44bfc771b47d.md">GetRibbonTextFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the ribbon text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ecefe995-fb11-db94-5db8-f3e5f096cd53.md">GetRibbonTextHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the rendering hint for the ribbon font.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c580583f-8f26-bd3a-5687-89cee3475cd8.md">ResetTextFont</a></td>
<td>Reset the TextFont to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="256c209e-dd5e-6e19-96da-95d421af8aca.md">ResetTextHint</a></td>
<td>Reset the TextHint to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="061d9221-6516-4b92-dfaf-145d58e484cc.md">SetRedirector</a></td>
<td>Update the redirector with new reference.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
