# KryptonRibbonGroupColorButton Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="17231bed-1474-2dfe-092f-2d924b557a66.md">ClearRecentColors</a></td>
<td>Clear the recent colors setting.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="48931d55-51be-026e-8c61-4134bb5be1fc.md">Hide</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon color button hidden.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="07a5e221-2637-8231-f5b6-5bce27cc115a.md">OnClick</a></td>
<td>Raises the Click event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ea81acc7-b9e8-72a9-ba26-c2e38924cf4c.md">OnCommandPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Handles a change in the property of an attached command.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b52a38e7-ce6d-720b-93e0-c61599ae640f.md">OnDropDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the DropDown event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="24123e0d-ef00-85b4-9737-a7c60b418746.md">OnMoreColors</a></td>
<td>Raises the MoreColors event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1719e83f-71b5-2fe3-e99f-f390ee74cd22.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8b5ce1ea-29fa-b4a9-7532-27289c1f60e7.md">OnSelectedColorChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the SelectedColorChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="88ab306c-419c-6225-596b-f7f52bd245b1.md">OnTrackingColor</a></td>
<td>Raises the TrackingColor event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="387ad6ce-ee8d-38db-bf20-db701d9ba103.md">PerformClick()</a></td>
<td>Generates a Click event for a button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ab81b970-0348-601f-7434-b536ed006a05.md">PerformClick(EventHandler)</a></td>
<td>Generates a Click event for a button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="af8d5665-4d54-e14e-3133-d0293fca89b3.md">PerformDropDown()</a></td>
<td>Generates a DropDown event for a button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="68463001-9bbe-7267-8d00-08870abb987d.md">PerformDropDown(EventHandler)</a></td>
<td>Generates a DropDown event for a button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e96518e9-2892-54d6-6668-6427ac202c00.md">ResetShortcutKeys</a></td>
<td>Resets the ShortcutKeys property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4c31e104-2033-89a2-6523-f8f6d16791ca.md">ResetToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipValues property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1952f4a2-3b43-729b-999b-4619b4e1fbe3.md">Show</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon color button visible.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="bab30d37-4263-5f5f-f567-4b11a8d08430.md">KryptonRibbonGroupColorButton Class</a>  
<a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon Namespace</a>  
