# KryptonDataGridViewMaskedTextBoxColumn Class


Hosts a collection of KryptonDataGridViewMaskedTextBoxCell cells.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonDataGridViewMaskedTextBoxColumn : KryptonDataGridViewIconColumn
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonDataGridViewMaskedTextBoxColumn
	Inherits KryptonDataGridViewIconColumn
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  DataGridViewElement  →  DataGridViewBand  →  DataGridViewColumn  →  <a href="21f6015d-1ab5-4482-8193-6cf4882c3abf.md">KryptonDataGridViewIconColumn</a>  →  KryptonDataGridViewMaskedTextBoxColumn</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="30f4e97e-68a1-74ae-1ee1-1d0578e22e36.md">KryptonDataGridViewMaskedTextBoxColumn</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonDataGridViewMaskedTextBoxColumn class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="5330fa4f-cd37-ddbc-9a33-4ea8fae1b889.md">AllowPromptAsInput</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether PromptChar can be entered as valid data by the user.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3e4b0635-74f9-1df7-a9b9-31d4a9f1d6c2.md">AsciiOnly</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the MaskedTextBox control accepts characters outside of the ASCII character set.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the mode by which the column automatically adjusts its width.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a9f9445e-81fd-81be-a57e-dc1502ea7733.md">BeepOnError</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the masked text box control raises the system beep for each user key stroke that it rejects.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d83ca6b5-e732-b220-1c05-ab331ae50f19.md">CellTemplate</a></td>
<td>Represents the implicit cell that gets cloned when adding rows to the grid.<br />(Overrides DataGridViewColumn.CellTemplate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellType</td>
<td>Gets the run-time type of the cell template.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStrip</td>
<td>Gets or sets the shortcut menu for the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="55390abc-db95-54a3-7753-4b89e484b833.md">CutCopyMaskFormat</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value that determines whether literals and prompt characters are copied to the clipboard.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataGridView</td>
<td>Gets the DataGridView control associated with this element.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataPropertyName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the data source property or database column to which the DataGridViewColumn is bound.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCellStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets the column's default cell style.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultHeaderCellType</td>
<td>Gets or sets the run-time type of the default header cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Displayed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the band is currently displayed onscreen.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the display order of the column relative to the currently displayed columns.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DividerWidth</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width, in pixels, of the column divider.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FillWeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value that represents the width of the column when it is in fill mode relative to the widths of other fill-mode columns in the control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Frozen</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether a column will move when a user scrolls the DataGridView control horizontally.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasDefaultCellStyle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the DefaultCellStyle property has been set.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HeaderCell</td>
<td>Gets or sets the DataGridViewColumnHeaderCell that represents the column header.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HeaderCellCore</td>
<td>Gets or sets the header cell of the DataGridViewBand.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HeaderText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the caption text on the column's header cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="82b7b11f-cc68-1a70-d53e-3c288275f04f.md">HidePromptOnLeave</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the prompt characters in the input mask are hidden when the masked text box loses focus.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a75b68b3-91fa-ed4f-dc0d-e085a816a8cd.md">HideSelection</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating that the selection should be hidden when the edit control loses focus.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="040bedbd-54c5-e613-cb1e-44ed23090eb9.md">IconSpecs</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of the icon specifications.<br />(Inherited from <a href="21f6015d-1ab5-4482-8193-6cf4882c3abf.md">KryptonDataGridViewIconColumn</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Index</td>
<td>Gets the relative position of the band within the DataGridView control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InheritedAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Gets the sizing mode in effect for the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InheritedStyle</td>
<td>Gets the cell style currently applied to the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="84f7ef5b-c3e7-ff91-9966-de4b323fdfc5.md">InsertKeyMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the text insertion mode of the masked text box control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDataBound</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the column is bound to a data source.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsRow</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the band represents a row.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="667bca34-7955-1803-5f92-bf0d9024927d.md">Mask</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the input mask to use at run time.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumWidth</td>
<td>Gets or sets the minimum width, in pixels, of the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6106c407-0bca-010d-16ec-0a49d6c948c8.md">PasswordChar</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a the character to display for password input for single-line edit controls.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="246e8e0a-21b4-2658-e663-2ec3596e1dfa.md">PromptChar</a></td>
<td>Replicates the PromptChar property of the KryptonDataGridViewMaskedTextBoxCell cell type.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ReadOnly</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can edit the column's cells.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0aca3d0d-b4ca-a54d-be8d-fa7d3263a767.md">RejectInputOnFirstFailure</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the parsing of user input should stop after the first invalid character is reached.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="10f126c5-25e3-2b40-d949-b5b528fdef1c.md">ResetOnPrompt</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value that determines how an input character that matches the prompt character should be handled.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d6c1d3fc-a95c-16e3-76e5-bd2b60310950.md">ResetOnSpace</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value that determines how a space input character should be handled.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Resizable</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the column is resizable.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Selected</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the band is in a selected user interface (UI) state.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ddc9fe1d-c756-29be-b3cf-1d1a63497812.md">SkipLiterals</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user is allowed to reenter literal values.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the sort mode for the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>State</td>
<td>Gets the user interface (UI) state of the element.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data to associate with the band.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0d935fc6-13b7-b2b4-b354-5886bff55d4c.md">TextMaskFormat</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value that determines whether literals and prompt characters are included in the formatted string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolTipText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the text used for ToolTips.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="34655ae3-8054-bffb-ed61-8a0b8810127c.md">UseSystemPasswordChar</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating if the text in the edit control should appear as the default password character.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ValueType</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data type of the values in the column's cells.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the column is visible.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the current width of the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="97305226-8a52-fb44-04f3-5dd641ccef13.md">Clone</a></td>
<td>Create a cloned copy of the column.<br />(Overrides <a href="2c225d0c-ac0d-d52c-a7d5-7427b6930106.md">KryptonDataGridViewIconColumn.Clone()</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the DataGridViewBand.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the DataGridViewBand and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases the resources associated with the band.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPreferredWidth</td>
<td>Calculates the ideal width of the column based on the specified criteria.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataGridViewChanged</td>
<td>Called when the band is associated with a different DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseCellClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseCellContentClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellContentClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseCellContentDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellContentDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseCellValueChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CellValueChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseDataError</td>
<td>Raises the DataError event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseMouseWheel</td>
<td>Raises the MouseWheel event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="198237f0-bee8-96f4-d315-ff468e0afaf7.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a standard compact string representation of the column.<br />(Overrides DataGridViewColumn.ToString())</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the DataGridViewColumn is disposed.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
