# PlacementMode Class


Specifies the PlacementMode https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.windows.controls.primitives.placementmode?view=netframework-4.7.2#System_Windows_Controls_Primitives_PlacementMode_Absolute



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public sealed class PlacementMode : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public NotInheritable Class PlacementMode
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  PlacementMode</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="ea717cad-0fb1-501e-bd40-a7a688328326.md">Absolute</a></td>
<td>A position of the Popup control relative to the upper-left corner of the screen and at an offset that is defined by the HorizontalOffset and VerticalOffset property values. If the screen edge obscures the Popup, the control then repositions itself to align with the edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="50a83a38-e086-c795-4f2d-2ede56b53125.md">AbsolutePoint</a></td>
<td>A position of the Popup control relative to the upper-left corner of the screen and at an offset that is defined by the HorizontalOffset and VerticalOffset property values. If the screen edge obscures the Popup, the control extends in the opposite direction from the axis defined by the HorizontalOffset or VerticalOffset =.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2cc12d25-6d32-619d-681d-050f5fd19c5f.md">Bottom</a></td>
<td>A position of the Popup control where the control aligns its upper edge with the lower edge of the PlacementTarget and aligns its left edge with the left edge of the PlacementTarget. If the lower screen-edge obscures the Popup, the control repositions itself so that its lower edge aligns with the upper edge of the PlacementTarget. If the upper screen-edge obscures the Popup, the control then repositions itself so that its upper edge aligns with the upper screen-edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="758c5913-c674-73c1-1ee4-6fb09c725c62.md">Center</a></td>
<td>A position of the Popup control where it is centered over the PlacementTarget. If a screen edge obscures the Popup, the control repositions itself to align with the screen edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="33e283d9-a773-920b-85fa-9f910f0dbfc2.md">Left</a></td>
<td>A Popup control that aligns its right edge with the left edge of the PlacementTarget and aligns its upper edge with the upper edge of the PlacementTarget.If the left screen-edge obscures the Popup, the Popup repositions itself so that its left edge aligns with the right edge of the PlacementTarget.If the right screen-edge obscures the Popup, the right edge of the control aligns with the right screen-edge.If the upper or lower screen-edge obscures the Popup, the control repositions itself to align with the obscuring screen edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6ce48ec1-9560-f493-a3e3-84bdd69ecf77.md">Mouse</a></td>
<td>A position of the Popup control that aligns its upper edge with the lower edge of the bounding box of the mouse and aligns its left edge with the left edge of the bounding box of the mouse. If the lower screen-edge obscures the Popup, it repositions itself to align with the upper edge of the bounding box of the mouse. If the upper screen-edge obscures the Popup, the control repositions itself to align with the upper screen-edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="633369b3-b0e7-bce6-3390-61cc4ca825c3.md">MousePoint</a></td>
<td>A position of the Popup control relative to the tip of the mouse cursor and at an offset that is defined by the HorizontalOffset and VerticalOffset property values. If a horizontal or vertical screen edge obscures the Popup, it opens in the opposite direction from the obscuring edge.If the opposite screen edge also obscures the Popup, it then aligns with the obscuring screen edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7a87d634-ef0b-c612-aa69-d5457b931189.md">Relative</a></td>
<td>A position of the Popup control relative to the upper-left corner of the PlacementTarget and at an offset that is defined by the HorizontalOffset and VerticalOffset property values. If the screen edge obscures the Popup, the control repositions itself to align with the screen edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b09e4188-0b78-843f-0db9-c6e688524f54.md">RelativePoint</a></td>
<td>A position of the Popup control relative to the upper-left corner of the PlacementTarget and at an offset that is defined by the HorizontalOffset and VerticalOffset property values. If a screen edge obscures the Popup, the Popup extends in the opposite direction from the direction from the axis defined by the HorizontalOffset or VerticalOffset.If the opposite screen edge also obscures the Popup, the control then aligns with this screen edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c2b63c10-8691-aabd-6a66-d56cbfd14f09.md">Right</a></td>
<td>A position of the Popup control that aligns its left edge with the right edge of the PlacementTarget and aligns its upper edge with the upper edge of the PlacementTarget. If the right screen-edge obscures the Popup, the control repositions itself so that its left edge aligns with the left edge of the PlacementTarget.If the left screen-edge obscures the Popup, the control repositions itself so that its left edge aligns with the left screen-edge.If the upper or lower screen-edge obscures the Popup, the control then repositions itself to align with the obscuring screen edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="887b3659-0f7e-12f3-533d-856c734a7562.md">Top</a></td>
<td>A position of the Popup control that aligns its lower edge with the upper edge of the PlacementTarget and aligns its left edge with the left edge of the PlacementTarget. If the upper screen-edge obscures the Popup, the control repositions itself so that its upper edge aligns with the lower edge of the PlacementTarget.If the lower screen-edge obscures the Popup, the lower edge of the control aligns with the lower screen-edge.If the left or right screen-edge obscures the Popup, it then repositions itself to align with the obscuring screen.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b7822029-71d4-e932-85fb-d5776dbb8783.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
