# KryptonPaletteTMSToolStrip Class


Storage for tool strip entries of the professional color table.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonPaletteTMSToolStrip : KryptonPaletteTMSBase
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonPaletteTMSToolStrip
	Inherits KryptonPaletteTMSBase
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>  →  <a href="63ad22d3-cc18-6967-c543-6728353357a3.md">KryptonPaletteTMSBase</a>  →  KryptonPaletteTMSToolStrip</td></tr>
</table>



## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ad4dc66f-c09b-52b4-1712-56ed17f16749.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all values are default.<br />(Overrides <a href="bbc0e831-9474-3bce-65dc-0625d793d8c1.md">Storage.IsDefault</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="097a0f47-e60c-4bf7-802c-8391c6d8feff.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="879ca7f2-32c5-8581-44f2-c7aee6491db2.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3fe6969b-fc4d-f5e6-3733-54364eb08720.md">ToolStripBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border color to use on the bottom edge of the ToolStrip.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fc88c583-f236-b100-3021-f60738e690c1.md">ToolStripContentPanelGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripContentPanel..</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0aa146d7-a785-3dbb-6197-7e5174e73b22.md">ToolStripContentPanelGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ending color of the gradient used in the ToolStripContentPanel.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="64651821-2473-bb65-00b3-119165ae734e.md">ToolStripDropDownBackground</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the solid background color of the ToolStripDropDown..</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="722b1774-4b24-f998-09fc-e9bc60295266.md">ToolStripFont</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the font to draw text on the tool strip.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="044b4a1b-dfac-7bfe-91f9-fce7cdc58914.md">ToolStripGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background..</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8a95c69e-211f-8fbe-a982-f274325082c9.md">ToolStripGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ending color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background..</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7f6d90d7-1535-235a-3c7c-1d4a099b3e2e.md">ToolStripGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ending color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background..</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f9294d49-61f3-54e7-9d92-bde24bc168ba.md">ToolStripPanelGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripPanel..</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2a904922-e7f6-9762-9bb8-02fb94a63d4f.md">ToolStripPanelGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ending color of the gradient used in the ToolStripPanel..</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="444d8326-3707-d9a1-7d1e-2cba7fc945b7.md">ToolStripText</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the color to draw text on the tool strip.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c812aaaa-b92d-828b-d29d-aab9293e9d38.md">PopulateFromBase</a></td>
<td>Populate values from the base palette.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3035c4a7-e238-bb2c-097b-c7cf63403027.md">ResetToolStripBorder</a></td>
<td>esets the ToolStripBorder property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5b491c89-d918-bdab-7e25-07f3a68c01b3.md">ResetToolStripContentPanelGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>esets the ToolStripContentPanelGradientBegin property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7a6fe154-fbb2-9c07-32ef-b9bc65b6487f.md">ResetToolStripContentPanelGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>esets the ToolStripContentPanelGradientEnd property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="abf2bf70-9205-8810-a4b6-36e5cc26f73d.md">ResetToolStripDropDownBackground</a></td>
<td>esets the ToolStripDropDownBackground property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f7265d13-32ae-908f-dcc2-21ae6e2c5b59.md">ResetToolStripFont</a></td>
<td>esets the ToolStripFont property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c477dd58-059a-aa91-ddcc-b2c6fb00e46d.md">ResetToolStripGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>esets the ToolStripGradientBegin property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7459ce89-b5af-1270-6c01-0a733d0293f7.md">ResetToolStripGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>esets the ToolStripGradientEnd property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="989dd3b1-5590-8e4e-29de-2c785d9652a4.md">ResetToolStripGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>esets the ToolStripGradientMiddle property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9d78fe08-a7fa-404f-b140-37e2f8f6bfcd.md">ResetToolStripPanelGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>esets the ToolStripPanelGradientBegin property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9d7ff352-7738-c1d7-6962-d6184abd418c.md">ResetToolStripPanelGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>esets the ToolStripPanelGradientEnd property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6393d191-39c5-f8d0-2d81-b90258dab6d9.md">ResetToolStripText</a></td>
<td>esets the ToolStripText property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
