# KryptonRibbonGroupClusterColorButton Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="f4980aa7-396c-9cf8-0980-958977976a55.md">ClearRecentColors</a></td>
<td>Clear the recent colors setting.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fd870132-0e5a-58a2-ca71-3e2d32c02f89.md">Hide</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon color button hidden.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b21393d7-03b1-34f2-f9e8-957842764576.md">OnClick</a></td>
<td>Raises the Click event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2077b22d-3ec7-c796-6416-60dd5f20054f.md">OnCommandPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Handles a change in the property of an attached command.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="291f56ff-1d45-2984-f841-3de4ba54d22b.md">OnDropDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the DropDown event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3dbdc1af-6cc8-41d7-ab4e-d62a55bc9b3b.md">OnMoreColors</a></td>
<td>Raises the MoreColors event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8fda6a5d-af3d-cf04-1448-55b671b8ab9e.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="96964c3d-e030-da52-9f5e-16c5666510c4.md">OnSelectedColorChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the SelectedColorChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="88e9798f-a14f-03c7-dd61-6c04b82c1506.md">OnTrackingColor</a></td>
<td>Raises the TrackingColor event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e747cee-a173-968e-7e76-1a485aa7b075.md">PerformClick()</a></td>
<td>Generates a Click event for a button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2d9eb2c4-15e3-3b3e-aa3c-10d4d21fdf3e.md">PerformClick(EventHandler)</a></td>
<td>Generates a Click event for a button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="62238219-ca51-2496-ad44-98d361a07423.md">PerformDropDown()</a></td>
<td>Generates a DropDown event for a button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="26ef169a-ff57-d127-6284-21cc36115d61.md">PerformDropDown(EventHandler)</a></td>
<td>Generates a DropDown event for a button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b5cf0aff-e399-0aea-feaa-908ff82cbd89.md">ResetShortcutKeys</a></td>
<td>Resets the ShortcutKeys property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4c31e104-2033-89a2-6523-f8f6d16791ca.md">ResetToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipValues property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="68281bb8-3e4b-63c4-24b0-7dc4d470cc21.md">Show</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon color button visible.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="11637402-9f93-e6c3-d391-f6486719dd91.md">KryptonRibbonGroupClusterColorButton Class</a>  
<a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon Namespace</a>  
