# RecreateLoadingPageEventArgs Class


Event arguments for events that need to request a KryptonPage from a provided unique name.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="0dbf488f-9676-a1e5-a949-1b4bcea03d52.md">Krypton.Workspace</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Workspace (in Krypton.Workspace.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class RecreateLoadingPageEventArgs : CancelEventArgs
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class RecreateLoadingPageEventArgs
	Inherits CancelEventArgs
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  EventArgs  →  CancelEventArgs  →  RecreateLoadingPageEventArgs</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="f45417d4-6d68-4408-fc81-9dc0442cd290.md">RecreateLoadingPageEventArgs</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the RecreateLoadingPageEventArgs class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>Cancel</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the event should be canceled.<br />(Inherited from CancelEventArgs)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b696e16e-80f8-390b-088c-a470b817c66f.md">Page</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the page to be used for the requested unique name.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2f7c688b-6b6f-5c96-2d2d-7cded7bcf9c2.md">UniqueName</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique name of the page requested to be recreated.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="0dbf488f-9676-a1e5-a949-1b4bcea03d52.md">Krypton.Workspace Namespace</a>  
