# KryptonRibbonGroupClusterButton Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9db28741-fb7b-3774-4274-7e6294bd24c6.md">Hide</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon group hidden.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="148fa1f3-d8f4-12ca-d6fa-d14fe6ec4f4e.md">OnClick</a></td>
<td>Raises the Click event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ad9e5f6e-e285-728b-ede0-1e36154004d4.md">OnCommandPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Handles a change in the property of an attached command.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="724e8219-3c17-2d45-c32c-ba1d74758ded.md">OnDropDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the DropDown event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4db491cd-4427-adb6-be6f-770d266fe802.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="45f37533-d8be-cd68-ac3f-143c103e8b18.md">PerformClick()</a></td>
<td>Generates a Click event for a button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0a8fb725-a062-e110-ef91-5555f55e3a89.md">PerformClick(EventHandler)</a></td>
<td>Generates a Click event for a button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="60dfcce1-c777-74ce-9fd6-6a5924bd5a0e.md">PerformDropDown()</a></td>
<td>Generates a DropDown event for a button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="529c3326-054f-ecb4-6c81-c661b9d17663.md">PerformDropDown(EventHandler)</a></td>
<td>Generates a DropDown event for a button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8fa98d5f-4670-65e8-14f6-0fb0556e3d84.md">ResetShortcutKeys</a></td>
<td>Resets the ShortcutKeys property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4c31e104-2033-89a2-6523-f8f6d16791ca.md">ResetToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipValues property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c1230dd0-4286-1a55-9ea1-21cc80f36e11.md">Show</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon group visible.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="1f0bb262-122d-4738-efd2-e9476cb0d1bf.md">KryptonRibbonGroupClusterButton Class</a>  
<a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon Namespace</a>  
