# KryptonFontDialog Class


Represents a common dialog box that displays a list of fonts that are currently installed on the system.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonFontDialog : FontDialog
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonFontDialog
	Inherits FontDialog
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  CommonDialog  →  FontDialog  →  KryptonFontDialog</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="f10f1ec0-a110-0538-0175-052a1b3c1469.md">KryptonFontDialog</a></td>
<td>Represents a common dialog box that displays a list of fonts that are currently installed on the system.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AllowScriptChange</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can change the character set specified in the Script combo box to display a character set other than the one currently displayed.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowSimulations</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the dialog box allows graphics device interface (GDI) font simulations.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowVectorFonts</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the dialog box allows vector font selections.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowVerticalFonts</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the dialog box displays both vertical and horizontal fonts or only horizontal fonts.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the component can raise an event.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Color</td>
<td>Gets or sets the selected font color.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b5ee2c6f-38f9-4cb1-19ac-9ef53ce79ed4.md">DisplayExtendedColorsButton</a></td>
<td>Display the Legacy Extended colours choice</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="871e8d04-a081-d27a-77eb-386a3cdd7764.md">DisplayIsPrinterFontDescription</a></td>
<td>Place an informative area at the bottom of the form stating if this will also be used on printers</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FixedPitchOnly</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the dialog box allows only the selection of fixed-pitch fonts.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Font</td>
<td>Gets or sets the selected font.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontMustExist</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the dialog box specifies an error condition if the user attempts to select a font or style that does not exist.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ab33f025-8e75-7a6f-4ec6-6eea9ffa3f04.md">Icon</a></td>
<td>Changes the default Icon to Developer set</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaxSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the maximum point size a user can select.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the minimum point size a user can select.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Options</td>
<td>Gets values to initialize the FontDialog.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScriptsOnly</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the dialog box allows selection of fonts for all non-OEM and Symbol character sets, as well as the ANSI character set.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowApply</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the dialog box contains an Apply button.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the dialog box displays the color choice.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowEffects</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the dialog box contains controls that allow the user to specify strikethrough, underline, and text color options.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowHelp</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the dialog box displays a Help button.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="21a85204-f193-4a8d-361a-272f2ac86273.md">ShowIcon</a></td>
<td>Changes the default Icon to Developer set</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ISite of the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets an object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from CommonDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="836ea73b-5670-7fb9-9673-493d5478d991.md">Title</a></td>
<td>Changes the title of the common Font Dialog</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b5e61a2b-f476-939e-7696-4ad3e03f884d.md">HookProc</a></td>
<td>Specifies the common dialog box hook procedure that is overridden to add specific functionality to a common dialog box.<br />(Overrides FontDialog.HookProc(IntPtr, Int32, IntPtr, IntPtr))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnApply</td>
<td>Raises the Apply event.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHelpRequest</td>
<td>Raises the HelpRequest event.<br />(Inherited from CommonDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OwnerWndProc</td>
<td>Defines the owner window procedure that is overridden to add specific functionality to a common dialog box.<br />(Inherited from CommonDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Reset</td>
<td>Resets all dialog box options to their default values.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RunDialog</td>
<td>Specifies a file dialog box.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowDialog()</td>
<td>Runs a common dialog box with a default owner.<br />(Inherited from CommonDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowDialog(IWin32Window)</td>
<td>Runs a common dialog box with the specified owner.<br />(Inherited from CommonDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Retrieves a string that includes the name of the current font selected in the dialog box.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>Apply</td>
<td>Occurs when the user clicks the Apply button in the font dialog box.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HelpRequest</td>
<td>Occurs when the user clicks the Help button on a common dialog box.<br />(Inherited from CommonDialog)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
