# UniqueNameToPage Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Add</td>
<td>Adds the specified key and value to the dictionary.<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(String, <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Clear</td>
<td>Removes all keys and values from the Dictionary(TKey, TValue).<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(String, <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsKey</td>
<td>Determines whether the Dictionary(TKey, TValue) contains the specified key.<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(String, <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsValue</td>
<td>Determines whether the Dictionary(TKey, TValue) contains a specific value.<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(String, <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetEnumerator</td>
<td>Returns an enumerator that iterates through the Dictionary(TKey, TValue).<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(String, <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetObjectData</td>
<td>Implements the ISerializable interface and returns the data needed to serialize the Dictionary(TKey, TValue) instance.<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(String, <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDeserialization</td>
<td>Implements the ISerializable interface and raises the deserialization event when the deserialization is complete.<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(String, <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Remove</td>
<td>Removes the value with the specified key from the Dictionary(TKey, TValue).<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(String, <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TryGetValue</td>
<td>Gets the value associated with the specified key.<br />(Inherited from Dictionary(String, <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>))</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="c81b344f-590a-454c-2941-59081497da12.md">UniqueNameToPage Class</a>  
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
