# PaletteRibbonGeneralInherit Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a9c0930a-4b70-82e0-0460-5586956c2b11.md">GetRibbonContextTextAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the text alignment for the ribbon context text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d2f66093-f7fe-7f8c-2dfc-8c8dc0aeefb6.md">GetRibbonContextTextColor</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the ribbon context text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8cefe6df-5025-57b8-f442-19e652f12fd4.md">GetRibbonContextTextFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the ribbon context text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e8f8e9dc-8e69-5b15-c0a7-80d439353a69.md">GetRibbonDisabledDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the dark disabled color used for ribbon glyphs.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6b8f55c1-17c9-56c7-f005-171b3235cc01.md">GetRibbonDisabledLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the light disabled color used for ribbon glyphs.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="88927654-090c-fa95-f8ca-fd6e0c12e101.md">GetRibbonDropArrowDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the drop arrow dark.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="735a7c5d-a2b4-440e-2544-21931027ae68.md">GetRibbonDropArrowLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the drop arrow light.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e9ae7adb-2a9b-f6ee-63b5-053a176f8ba5.md">GetRibbonGroupDialogDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the dialog launcher dark.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2027c9cb-cd18-6d03-5dea-960dcaf6b807.md">GetRibbonGroupDialogLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the dialog launcher light.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eb223bf7-7252-525d-20a1-626967301d2f.md">GetRibbonGroupSeparatorDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the group separator dark.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3a702b1f-6f1e-b3b3-d1de-9b03b07d4053.md">GetRibbonGroupSeparatorLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the group separator light.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="57710fdc-0039-9dbf-c6b7-ec0139408e79.md">GetRibbonMinimizeBarDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the minimize bar dark.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7e18e4c2-8fa1-1c83-f008-b19ea80f097b.md">GetRibbonMinimizeBarLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the minimize bar light.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="08139b1a-7de7-3395-6366-b7f0bb0dec91.md">GetRibbonQATButtonDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the extra QAT button dark content color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d28fdcab-53b6-ae3f-1083-ceaab971572c.md">GetRibbonQATButtonLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the extra QAT button light content color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="86ca9ee2-8a78-b34b-b2bb-b76b0df3b6cc.md">GetRibbonShape</a></td>
<td>Gets the ribbon shape that should be used.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4ab43bbf-e026-3081-f6f0-c5695c3295f5.md">GetRibbonTabSeparatorColor</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the tab separator.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81849b73-1fb8-e8c7-0efd-f05a4df7d8d5.md">GetRibbonTabSeparatorContextColor</a></td>
<td>Gets the color for the tab context separators.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1abc70c0-ee14-b7d0-6294-2776b8248f40.md">GetRibbonTextFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the ribbon text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8102ebd8-fd49-330d-b1fa-65b91da78fbe.md">GetRibbonTextHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the rendering hint for the ribbon font.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="dae6eb0d-6733-a7e6-229c-8bff348bb07a.md">PaletteRibbonGeneralInherit Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
