# KryptonProgressBarToolStripItem Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description that will be reported to accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control, which specifies the type of user interface element of the control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Alignment</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the item aligns towards the beginning or end of the ToolStrip.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether drag-and-drop and item reordering are handled through events that you implement.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Anchor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the edges of the container to which a ToolStripItem is bound and determines how a ToolStripItem is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the item is automatically sized.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoToolTip</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the Text property or the ToolTipText property for the ToolStripItem ToolTip.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Available</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the ToolStripItem should be placed on a ToolStrip.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImage</td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageLayout</td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image layout as defined in the ImageLayout enumeration.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the collection of currency managers for the IBindableComponent.<br />(Inherited from BindableComponent)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets the size and location of the item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the component can raise an event.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the hosted control causes and raises validation events on other controls when the hosted control receives focus.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Command</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ICommand whose Execute(Object) method will be called when the ToolStripItem's Click event is invoked.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CommandParameter</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parameter that is passed to the ICommand that's assigned to the Command property.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContentRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the area where content, such as text and icons, can be placed within a ToolStripItem without overwriting background borders.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Control</td>
<td>Gets the Control that this ToolStripControlHost is hosting.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlAlign</td>
<td>Gets or sets the alignment of the control on the form.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the collection of data-binding objects for this IBindableComponent.<br />(Inherited from BindableComponent)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultAutoToolTip</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether to display the ToolTip that is defined as the default.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultDisplayStyle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating what is displayed on the ToolStripItem.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the default margin of an item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing characteristics of the item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultSize</td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DismissWhenClicked</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether items on a ToolStripDropDown are hidden after they are clicked.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets whether text and images are displayed on a ToolStripItem.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dock</td>
<td>Gets or sets which ToolStripItem borders are docked to its parent control and determines how a ToolStripItem is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleClickEnabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the ToolStripItem can be activated by double-clicking the mouse.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the parent control of the ToolStripItem is enabled.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focused</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Font</td>
<td>Gets or sets the font to be used on the hosted control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height, in pixels, of a ToolStripItem.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageAlign</td>
<td>Gets or sets the alignment of the image on a ToolStripItem.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the index value of the image that is displayed on the item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageKey</td>
<td>Gets or sets the key accessor for the image in the ImageList that is displayed on a ToolStripItem.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageScaling</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether an image on a ToolStripItem is automatically resized to fit in a container.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageTransparentColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the color to treat as transparent in a ToolStripItem image.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the object has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsOnDropDown</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the container of the current Control is a ToolStripDropDown.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsOnOverflow</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the Placement property is set to Overflow.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b5351ad8-138b-9b6a-1057-b3c6d238a929.md">KryptonProgressBarHost</a></td>
<td>Gets the krypton progress bar host.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between the item and adjacent items.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c11e5ab8-fdaf-a661-5e2d-14a24e75397a.md">MarqueeAnimationSpeed</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the time period, in milliseconds, that it takes the progress block to scroll across the progress bar.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="51eac9d7-18d5-24b1-f902-54a5da8f05d9.md">Maximum</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the maximum value of the range of the control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MergeAction</td>
<td>Gets or sets how child menus are merged with parent menus.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MergeIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the position of a merged item within the current ToolStrip.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5d3fb73a-c8ae-9d5e-d1a1-f9f74dd624cf.md">Minimum</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the minimum value of the range of the control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Overflow</td>
<td>Gets or sets whether the item is attached to the ToolStrip or ToolStripOverflowButton or can float between the two.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Owner</td>
<td>Gets or sets the owner of this item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OwnerItem</td>
<td>Gets the parent ToolStripItem of this ToolStripItem.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets the internal spacing, in pixels, between the item's contents and its edges.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the ToolStripItem.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Placement</td>
<td>Gets the current layout of the item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Pressed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the state of the item is pressed.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeftAutoMirrorImage</td>
<td>Mirrors automatically the ToolStripItem image when the RightToLeft property is set to Yes.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Selected</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the item is selected.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether to show or hide shortcut keys.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the hosted control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5775e1bc-b0d8-3814-755a-f5b2a4172855.md">Size</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the size of the ToolStripItem.<br />(Overrides ToolStripControlHost.Size)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="998b8880-85a8-311b-cc93-0ba7c65d564a.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common ProgressBar appearance that other states can override.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f69082f8-926d-a5d6-7f79-917974d3de61.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled ProgressBar appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dfff7bf8-4512-b85a-4197-717aa3aeefd6.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal ProgressBar appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e7ff9ab5-0abc-d21b-d1ee-05317c39a7d8.md">Step</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the amount by which a call to the PerformStep() method increases the current position of the progress bar.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aa07e8ec-8674-97c8-8ae1-2f1019c1a497.md">Style</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the manner in which progress should be indicated on the progress bar.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b3712a0d-2407-24b9-df7b-e83884c266b7.md">Text</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the text to be displayed on the hosted control.<br />(Overrides ToolStripControlHost.Text)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TextAlign</td>
<td>Gets or sets the alignment of the text on a ToolStripLabel.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TextImageRelation</td>
<td>Gets or sets the position of ToolStripItem text and image relative to each other.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolTipText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the text that appears as a ToolTip for a control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dde1430d-273d-e9df-d913-452a64659137.md">UseValueAsText</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether [use value as text].</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0b25ff9-fbcb-caa9-9cef-eecc6105ac5c.md">Value</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the current position of the progress bar.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="67e93ef2-84b9-382c-2acb-97ff24fd6f8e.md">Values</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the Progress Bar Label values.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the item is displayed.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width in pixels of a ToolStripItem.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="d083c0c8-bbdc-278e-e8d3-138bef189038.md">KryptonProgressBarToolStripItem Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
