# KryptonLinkWrapLabel Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ActiveLinkColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the color used to display an active link.<br />(Inherited from LinkLabel)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can accept data that the user drags onto it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Anchor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the edges of the container to which a control is bound and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoEllipsis</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the ellipsis character (...) appears at the right edge of the Label, denoting that the Label text extends beyond the specified length of the Label.<br />(Inherited from Label)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b5f481bc-3d12-939d-05d5-4228caac81da.md">AutoSize</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the automatic resize of the control to fit contents.<br />(Overrides Label.AutoSize)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="522ecf64-9d22-a77b-fa86-7454490baeba.md">BackColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background color for the control.<br />(Overrides Control.BackColor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="62accdb9-b624-76bd-a458-dafa235b3bb6.md">BorderStyle</a></td>
<td>Determines if the label has a border.<br />(Overrides Label.BorderStyle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStrip</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ContextMenuStrip associated with this control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Controls</td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateParams</td>
<td>Gets the required creation parameters when the control handle is created.<br />(Inherited from Label)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by this control.<br />(Inherited from Label)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Label)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultSize</td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Inherited from Label)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisabledLinkColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the color used when displaying a disabled link.<br />(Inherited from LinkLabel)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the display area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dock</td>
<td>Gets or sets which control borders are docked to its parent control and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b9cf1280-efd1-a71c-31e6-46004086841a.md">FlatStyle</a></td>
<td>Determines appearance of the control when the mouse pressed on the label.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focused</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="857995f5-cce6-c002-7cc7-8646e757153e.md">Font</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the font of the text Displayed by the control.<br />(Overrides Control.Font)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ce5cf524-54a8-dd5b-c10d-c02d8ac51015.md">ForeColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the foreground color for the control.<br />(Overrides Control.ForeColor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Image</td>
<td>Gets or sets the image that is displayed on a Label.<br />(Inherited from Label)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageAlign</td>
<td>Gets or sets the alignment of an image that is displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from Label)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the index value of the image displayed on the Label.<br />(Inherited from Label)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageKey</td>
<td>Gets or sets the key accessor for the image in the ImageList.<br />(Inherited from Label)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageList</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ImageList that contains the images to display in the Label control.<br />(Inherited from Label)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="600861bb-ff5a-d643-ecee-d510eea54234.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the KryptonContextMenu to show when right clicked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e19a0337-6ede-9606-eb54-5776d7743775.md">LabelStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the label style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LinkArea</td>
<td>Gets or sets the range in the text to treat as a link.<br />(Inherited from LinkLabel)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LinkBehavior</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value that represents the behavior of a link.<br />(Inherited from LinkLabel)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LinkColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the color used when displaying a normal link.<br />(Inherited from LinkLabel)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Links</td>
<td>Gets the collection of links contained within the LinkLabel.<br />(Inherited from LinkLabel)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LinkVisited</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether a link should be displayed as though it were visited.<br />(Inherited from LinkLabel)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LiveSetting</td>
<td>Indicates the politeness level that a client should use to notify the user of changes to the live region.<br />(Inherited from Label)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the upper limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the lower limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OverrideCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the mouse pointer to use when the mouse pointer is within the bounds of the LinkLabel.<br />(Inherited from LinkLabel)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets the interior spacing, in pixels, between the edges of a LinkLabel and its contents.<br />(Inherited from LinkLabel)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f96f37ee-6e36-5f67-a8a7-8deb783b3f60.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2cdeb166-6a7e-9b61-ca02-f8a8ab64e51a.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredHeight</td>
<td>Gets the preferred height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Label)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredWidth</td>
<td>Gets the preferred width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Label)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fc2d2667-5268-b517-0c72-cc2728a9933c.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderTransparent</td>
<td>Indicates whether the container control background is rendered on the Label.<br />(Inherited from Label)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="717e6243-9c97-12b9-8050-268e2231241a.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common wrap label appearance that other states can override.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4e669dba-3c7a-f29c-81ea-49687c0ae407.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled wrap label appearance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="77c78ea9-eb13-38b8-4a50-528516049fc8.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal wrap label appearance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value that indicates whether the user can tab to the LinkLabel.<br />(Inherited from LinkLabel)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76ad2ecf-02bd-39de-0299-90106a3b2778.md">Target</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the target for mnemonic and click actions.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Text</td>
<td>Gets or sets the text displayed by the LinkLabel.<br />(Inherited from LinkLabel)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TextAlign</td>
<td>Gets or sets the alignment of text in the label.<br />(Inherited from Label)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseCompatibleTextRendering</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value that determines whether to use the Graphics class (GDI+) or the TextRenderer class (GDI) to render text.<br />(Inherited from LinkLabel)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseMnemonic</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control interprets an ampersand character (&amp;) in the control's Text property to be an access key prefix character.<br />(Inherited from Label)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VisitedLinkColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the color used when displaying a link that has been previously visited.<br />(Inherited from LinkLabel)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="4658dacc-0d47-1844-78c6-3bbeca5c9472.md">KryptonLinkWrapLabel Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
