# KryptonPaletteButtonSpecs Class


Overrides for defining button specifications.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonPaletteButtonSpecs : Storage
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonPaletteButtonSpecs
	Inherits Storage
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>  →  KryptonPaletteButtonSpecs</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="1b98bfac-50ee-efd2-0b03-042fa59e436b.md">KryptonPaletteButtonSpecs</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonPaletteButtonSpecs class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="5c83cd74-7d6b-d52a-1f93-5ca283c08532.md">ArrowDown</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the right up button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a26a451a-f8b2-d110-7ada-4782a6e22f7c.md">ArrowLeft</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the left arrow button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fd8f17b6-e9c4-c4ec-61d5-8a9ac03dfd0e.md">ArrowRight</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the right arrow button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c8ea7788-5dc6-3cc9-2ea8-b1dff6035744.md">ArrowUp</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the right up button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e8d9ba96-c312-c256-db2d-bb34675d7922.md">Close</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the close button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cd48e467-0cc4-6fe6-01fc-9f09bf884ae9.md">Common</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="15dfdf88-18f2-3ad9-ce83-ddf2c4786307.md">Context</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the context button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cf33453d-6bad-1974-ab1e-54855a85e2fc.md">DropDown</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the drop down button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2f1cb56c-575e-57a7-61d5-bf6879a49d07.md">FormClose</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the form close button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="87bf32b1-26ab-0de7-ac5e-fe1af93644be.md">FormHelp</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the form "Help" button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c3f1b356-f3c9-82f6-3872-7dad31d68e26.md">FormMax</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the form maximize button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="907d32fe-b42a-e7c2-e4d9-fa1dcd4c53c6.md">FormMin</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the form minimize button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="26babbae-d43c-a97c-e333-f08334326993.md">FormRestore</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the form restore button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8d87bcd4-309c-be08-f6e5-ae00cae85f55.md">Generic</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the generic button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b94f7a65-0ec7-7ba0-61fb-af170262c083.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all values are default.<br />(Overrides <a href="bbc0e831-9474-3bce-65dc-0625d793d8c1.md">Storage.IsDefault</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="097a0f47-e60c-4bf7-802c-8391c6d8feff.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="879ca7f2-32c5-8581-44f2-c7aee6491db2.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b3f5d76c-ab7a-245d-0505-a68112caa97f.md">Next</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the next button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c2cc8ce4-ffd9-85f5-4484-49d527104762.md">PendantClose</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the pendant close button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3136280f-e8a8-abbf-efc0-bbc4d570928f.md">PendantMin</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the pendant minimize button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f083240f-e1af-3905-ee5f-ec37a52019d9.md">PendantRestore</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the pendant restore button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="14e3ab8b-47d2-d8db-21ee-03cd8dd9a104.md">PinHorizontal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the pin horizontal button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="92331bc5-e813-35ae-35d9-7b72336ee7e8.md">PinVertical</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the pin vertical button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7410b287-1cd5-39c8-e2fb-59e57a492f56.md">Previous</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the previous button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="60e36e20-818b-5367-2fc9-609027cf17e3.md">RibbonExpand</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ribbon expand button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f538a3e1-246a-d9a5-4c79-e4c93d114bde.md">RibbonMinimize</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ribbon minimize button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="44cd6392-23b0-c1b1-abe3-67e9c9347641.md">WorkspaceMaximize</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the workspace maximize button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="daa6c701-c388-0110-ea01-954ae1af81f4.md">WorkspaceRestore</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the workspace restore button specification.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fee7249b-22fc-49a2-584f-90040ae7a420.md">OnButtonSpecChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the ButtonSpecChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41f8545a-0aaf-02de-c280-fa690d7755c0.md">PopulateFromBase</a></td>
<td>Populate values from the base palette.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="b4c34edf-cc68-a910-598e-078b1bb47f0c.md">ButtonSpecChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when a button spec change occurs.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
