# KryptonWorkspaceSequence Class


Represents a sequence of workspace items.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="0dbf488f-9676-a1e5-a949-1b4bcea03d52.md">Krypton.Workspace</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Workspace (in Krypton.Workspace.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
[TypeConverterAttribute(typeof(KryptonWorkspaceSequenceConverter))]
public class KryptonWorkspaceSequence : Component, 
	IWorkspaceItem
```
**VB**
``` VB
<TypeConverterAttribute(GetType(KryptonWorkspaceSequenceConverter))>
Public Class KryptonWorkspaceSequence
	Inherits Component
	Implements IWorkspaceItem
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  KryptonWorkspaceSequence</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td><a href="221a6e11-27c9-1bc0-0ade-ab23384ff077.md">IWorkspaceItem</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="cd7e66e8-6234-f084-6d41-d59e2e13bec0.md">KryptonWorkspaceSequence()</a></td>
<td>Initialise a new instance of the KryptonWorkspaceSequence class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c74b6c65-53b0-9aac-8a10-dacae5ff61f0.md">KryptonWorkspaceSequence(Orientation)</a></td>
<td>Initialise a new instance of the KryptonWorkspaceSequence class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the component can raise an event.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8a870e35-95b6-5e07-da14-394a270b1279.md">Children</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the collection of child workspace items.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="79244f77-ceb0-3995-9dfa-b1e32e389222.md">Orientation</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the orientation for laying out the child entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ISite of the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dc1a9113-177c-8d84-25a6-75f94c4c0b9b.md">StarSize</a></td>
<td>Star notation the describes the sizing of the workspace item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="521ff19e-c464-ddbc-0fae-b0e708220669.md">UniqueName</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the unique name of the workspace sequence.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d179284a-8b67-bbbf-6d1c-de281223757f.md">Visible</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the sequence is Displayed.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="ccec4cd7-7a7e-15e0-da6a-87b788bafa1a.md">Compact</a></td>
<td>Perform any compacting actions allowed by the flags.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="70c55baa-e419-adad-9008-b03b77760b17.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Clean up any resources being used.<br />(Overrides Component.Dispose(Boolean))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="51949d14-7341-ee14-1b4a-4ccb44f36b93.md">Hide</a></td>
<td>Conceals the control from the user.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1f31aaab-0cbf-6931-ca6a-86911f88b96a.md">LoadFromXml</a></td>
<td>Request this sequence load and recreate children.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="73f24072-c8bb-355f-e29b-55b5051d0cce.md">OnChildrenMaximizeRestoreClicked</a></td>
<td>Handle a maximize/restore request from a child item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="09b64a2d-3474-8a9d-caba-13b47aeef4fd.md">OnChildrenPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Handle a change in the child collection of items.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d724a77c-024a-a00a-0180-821e0f22fa17.md">OnPropertyChanged(PropertyChangedEventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9b9c8159-7aae-2d2f-4504-edb87d83fe93.md">OnPropertyChanged(String)</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eca2beed-a499-3738-5ff8-37cc15ba6c8c.md">ResetUniqueName</a></td>
<td>Resets the UniqueName property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8d01e6c7-d671-c40f-9a52-be4ca22528da.md">SaveToXml</a></td>
<td>Request this sequence save its information about children.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="69400a55-7e90-8d76-a314-6fb856d7dd58.md">Show</a></td>
<td>Displays the control to the user.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ceb57990-951b-32ba-b7ad-a2eec3860b9b.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Obtains the String representation of this instance.<br />(Overrides Component.ToString())</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6c0b05f6-3d1b-5ab2-39cb-cb39bc4ce701.md">MaximizeRestoreClicked</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the user clicks the maximize/restore button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="df7ecc11-28ee-bf73-27ce-ef35a1882af2.md">PropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs after a change has occurred to the workspace.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="0dbf488f-9676-a1e5-a949-1b4bcea03d52.md">Krypton.Workspace Namespace</a>  
