# KryptonDataGridViewCheckBoxCell Class


Displays a check box user interface (UI) to use in a DataGridView control.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonDataGridViewCheckBoxCell : DataGridViewCheckBoxCell
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonDataGridViewCheckBoxCell
	Inherits DataGridViewCheckBoxCell
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  DataGridViewElement  →  DataGridViewCell  →  DataGridViewCheckBoxCell  →  KryptonDataGridViewCheckBoxCell</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="60316d88-f1f8-77b8-4738-88d34c5caeeb.md">KryptonDataGridViewCheckBoxCell()</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonDataGridViewCheckBoxCell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5de8f5fe-9610-bbbb-459e-1093bdf7aaf4.md">KryptonDataGridViewCheckBoxCell(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonDataGridViewCheckBoxCell.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the DataGridViewCell.DataGridViewCellAccessibleObject assigned to the DataGridViewCell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnIndex</td>
<td>Gets the column index for this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContentBounds</td>
<td>Gets the bounding rectangle that encloses the cell's content area.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStrip</td>
<td>Gets or sets the shortcut menu associated with the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataGridView</td>
<td>Gets the DataGridView control associated with this element.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultNewRowValue</td>
<td>Gets the default value for a cell in the row for new records.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Displayed</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the cell is currently displayed on-screen.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EditedFormattedValue</td>
<td>Gets the current, formatted value of the cell, regardless of whether the cell is in edit mode and the value has not been committed.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EditingCellFormattedValue</td>
<td>Gets or sets the formatted value of the control hosted by the cell when it is in edit mode.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EditingCellValueChanged</td>
<td>Gets or sets a flag indicating that the value has been changed for this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EditType</td>
<td>Gets the type of the cell's hosted editing control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ErrorIconBounds</td>
<td>Gets the bounds of the error icon for the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ErrorText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the text describing an error condition associated with the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FalseValue</td>
<td>Gets or sets the underlying value corresponding to a cell value of false.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FlatStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets the flat style appearance of the check box user interface (UI).<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FormattedValue</td>
<td>Gets the value of the cell as formatted for display.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FormattedValueType</td>
<td>Gets the type of the cell display value.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Frozen</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the cell is frozen.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasStyle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the Style property has been set.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IndeterminateValue</td>
<td>Gets or sets the underlying value corresponding to an indeterminate or null cell value.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InheritedState</td>
<td>Gets the current state of the cell as inherited from the state of its row and column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InheritedStyle</td>
<td>Gets the style currently applied to the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInEditMode</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this cell is currently being edited.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OwningColumn</td>
<td>Gets the column that contains this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OwningRow</td>
<td>Gets the row that contains this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size, in pixels, of a rectangular area into which the cell can fit.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ReadOnly</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the cell's data can be edited.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Resizable</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the cell can be resized.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowIndex</td>
<td>Gets the index of the cell's parent row.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Selected</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the cell has been selected.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets the size of the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>State</td>
<td>Gets the user interface (UI) state of the element.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Style</td>
<td>Gets or sets the style for the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains supplemental data about the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ThreeState</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether ternary mode has been enabled for the hosted check box control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolTipText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ToolTip text associated with this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TrueValue</td>
<td>Gets or sets the underlying value corresponding to a cell value of true.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Value</td>
<td>Gets or sets the value associated with this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ValueType</td>
<td>Gets the data type of the values in the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the cell is in a row or column that has been hidden.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>AdjustCellBorderStyle</td>
<td>Modifies the input cell border style according to the specified criteria.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BorderWidths</td>
<td>Returns a Rectangle that represents the widths of all the cell margins.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClickUnsharesRow</td>
<td>Indicates whether the cell's row will be unshared when the cell is clicked.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Clone</td>
<td>Creates an exact copy of this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContentClickUnsharesRow</td>
<td>Indicates whether the row containing the cell will be unshared when the cell content is clicked.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContentDoubleClickUnsharesRow</td>
<td>Indicates whether the row containing the cell will be unshared when the cell content is double-clicked.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateAccessibilityInstance</td>
<td>Creates a new accessible object for the DataGridViewCheckBoxCell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DetachEditingControl</td>
<td>Removes the cell's editing control from the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the DataGridViewCell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the DataGridViewCell and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleClickUnsharesRow</td>
<td>Indicates whether the cell's row will be unshared when the cell is double-clicked.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EnterUnsharesRow</td>
<td>Indicates whether the parent row will be unshared when the focus moves to the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the DataGridViewCell is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetClipboardContent</td>
<td>Retrieves the formatted value of the cell to copy to the Clipboard.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetContentBounds(Int32)</td>
<td>Returns the bounding rectangle that encloses the cell's content area using a default Graphics and cell style currently in effect for the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="32108d35-e48a-c281-00c2-022899c9146c.md">GetContentBounds(Graphics, DataGridViewCellStyle, Int32)</a></td>
<td>Returns the bounding rectangle that encloses the cell's content area.<br />(Overrides DataGridViewCheckBoxCell.GetContentBounds(Graphics, DataGridViewCellStyle, Int32))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetEditedFormattedValue</td>
<td>Returns the current, formatted value of the cell, regardless of whether the cell is in edit mode and the value has not been committed.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetEditingCellFormattedValue</td>
<td>Gets the formatted value of the cell while it is in edit mode.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetErrorIconBounds</td>
<td>Returns the bounding rectangle that encloses the cell's error icon, if one is displayed.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetErrorText</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the error for the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetFormattedValue</td>
<td>Gets the formatted value of the cell's data.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetInheritedContextMenuStrip</td>
<td>Gets the inherited shortcut menu for the current cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetInheritedState</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating the current state of the cell as inherited from the state of its row and column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetInheritedStyle</td>
<td>Gets the style applied to the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0677f5d-6470-94db-2557-64dadccc34e8.md">GetPreferredSize</a></td>
<td>This member overrides DataGridViewCell.GetPreferredSize.<br />(Overrides DataGridViewCheckBoxCell.GetPreferredSize(Graphics, DataGridViewCellStyle, Int32, Size))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetValue</td>
<td>Gets the value of the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeEditingControl</td>
<td>Initializes the control used to edit the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyDownUnsharesRow</td>
<td>Indicates whether the row containing the cell is unshared when a key is pressed while the cell has focus.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyEntersEditMode</td>
<td>Determines if edit mode should be started based on the given key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyPressUnsharesRow</td>
<td>Indicates whether a row will be unshared if a key is pressed while a cell in the row has focus.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyUpUnsharesRow</td>
<td>Indicates whether the row containing the cell is unshared when a key is released while the cell has focus.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LeaveUnsharesRow</td>
<td>Indicates whether a row will be unshared when the focus leaves a cell in the row.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseClickUnsharesRow</td>
<td>Indicates whether a row will be unshared if the user clicks a mouse button while the pointer is on a cell in the row.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDoubleClickUnsharesRow</td>
<td>Indicates whether a row will be unshared if the user double-clicks a cell in the row.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDownUnsharesRow</td>
<td>Indicates whether the row containing the cell will be unshared when the mouse button is pressed while the pointer is over the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseEnterUnsharesRow</td>
<td>Indicates whether the row containing the cell will be unshared when the mouse pointer moves over the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseLeaveUnsharesRow</td>
<td>Indicates whether the row containing the cell will be unshared when the mouse pointer leaves the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseMoveUnsharesRow</td>
<td>Indicates whether a row will be unshared when the mouse pointer moves over a cell in the row.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseUpUnsharesRow</td>
<td>Indicates whether the row containing the cell will be unshared when the mouse button is released while the pointer is over the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClick</td>
<td>Called when the cell is clicked.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnContentClick</td>
<td>Called when the cell's contents are clicked.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnContentDoubleClick</td>
<td>Called when the cell's contents are double-clicked.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataGridViewChanged</td>
<td>Called when the DataGridView property of the cell changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDoubleClick</td>
<td>Called when the cell is double-clicked.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnter</td>
<td>Called when the focus moves to a cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnKeyDown</td>
<td>Called when a character key is pressed while the focus is on a cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnKeyPress</td>
<td>Called when a key is pressed while the focus is on a cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnKeyUp</td>
<td>Called when a character key is released while the focus is on a cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLeave</td>
<td>Called when the focus moves from a cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseClick</td>
<td>Called when the user clicks a mouse button while the pointer is on a cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Called when the user double-clicks a mouse button while the pointer is on a cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseDown</td>
<td>Called when the mouse button is held down while the pointer is on a cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseEnter</td>
<td>Called when the mouse pointer moves over a cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseLeave</td>
<td>Called when the mouse pointer moves from a cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseMove</td>
<td>Called when the mouse pointer moves within a cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseUp</td>
<td>Called when the mouse button is released while the pointer is on a cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="16cb8198-b882-0300-b686-24db9c0f48e9.md">Paint</a></td>
<td>This member overrides DataGridViewCell.Paint.<br />(Overrides DataGridViewCheckBoxCell.Paint(Graphics, Rectangle, Rectangle, Int32, DataGridViewElementStates, Object, Object, String, DataGridViewCellStyle, DataGridViewAdvancedBorderStyle, DataGridViewPaintParts))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PaintBorder</td>
<td>Paints the border of the current DataGridViewCell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PaintErrorIcon</td>
<td>Paints the error icon of the current DataGridViewCell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ParseFormattedValue</td>
<td>Converts a value formatted for display to an actual cell value.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PositionEditingControl</td>
<td>Sets the location and size of the editing control hosted by a cell in the DataGridView control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PositionEditingPanel</td>
<td>Sets the location and size of the editing panel hosted by the cell, and returns the normal bounds of the editing control within the editing panel.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PrepareEditingCellForEdit</td>
<td>This method is not meaningful for this type.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseCellClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseCellContentClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellContentClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseCellContentDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellContentDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseCellValueChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CellValueChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseDataError</td>
<td>Raises the DataError event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseMouseWheel</td>
<td>Raises the MouseWheel event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetValue</td>
<td>Sets the value of the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns the string representation of the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCheckBoxCell)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
