# CellDragCancelEventArgs Class


Details for an cancellable event that provides pages and cell associated with a page dragging event.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="0dbf488f-9676-a1e5-a949-1b4bcea03d52.md">Krypton.Workspace</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Workspace (in Krypton.Workspace.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class CellDragCancelEventArgs : PageDragCancelEventArgs
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class CellDragCancelEventArgs
	Inherits PageDragCancelEventArgs
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  EventArgs  →  CancelEventArgs  →  <a href="f4c96dc5-ef67-d08a-a0f9-ce78060f3713.md">PageDragCancelEventArgs</a>  →  CellDragCancelEventArgs</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="dba1ef8d-9649-5425-670c-eccdb75a4ffb.md">CellDragCancelEventArgs(PageDragCancelEventArgs, KryptonWorkspaceCell)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the CellDragCancelEventArgs class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f5eb313-a6d7-518a-f922-3bac763f8c19.md">CellDragCancelEventArgs(Point, Point, Control, KryptonPage[], KryptonWorkspaceCell)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the CellDragCancelEventArgs class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>Cancel</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the event should be canceled.<br />(Inherited from CancelEventArgs)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6d2fd666-357a-9fda-5c78-d19b7c79f5f2.md">Cell</a></td>
<td>Gets access to associated workspace cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="53b9797d-17c7-07c8-0e73-4a7981808dcf.md">Control</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the control that started the drag operation.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f4c96dc5-ef67-d08a-a0f9-ce78060f3713.md">PageDragCancelEventArgs</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="64fa5646-36e5-b5ba-5e85-5c71515173fc.md">ElementOffset</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the associated element offset.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f4c96dc5-ef67-d08a-a0f9-ce78060f3713.md">PageDragCancelEventArgs</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f6982f67-1bfd-1ecc-a737-ee85fce497d0.md">Pages</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the collection of pages.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f4c96dc5-ef67-d08a-a0f9-ce78060f3713.md">PageDragCancelEventArgs</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="769979de-0615-4caa-d19b-8cd0913c0ef8.md">ScreenPoint</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the associated screen point.<br />(Inherited from <a href="f4c96dc5-ef67-d08a-a0f9-ce78060f3713.md">PageDragCancelEventArgs</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="0dbf488f-9676-a1e5-a949-1b4bcea03d52.md">Krypton.Workspace Namespace</a>  
