# KryptonDesignerActionItem Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AllowAssociate</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to allow this item to be placed into a group of items that have the same Category property value.<br />(Inherited from DesignerActionItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9bbbfb08-ee4e-7ac7-d462-7e4e5df0c593.md">Category</a></td>
<td>Gets the group name for an item.<br />(Overrides DesignerActionItem.Category)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b6b539c6-578f-62ea-ca22-7ffe50069271.md">Description</a></td>
<td>Gets the supplemental text for the item.<br />(Overrides DesignerActionItem.Description)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="54387406-95d3-8939-5f03-c8e2892ba4d3.md">DisplayName</a></td>
<td>Gets the text for this item.<br />(Overrides DesignerActionItem.DisplayName)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e929211b-5288-262b-9f22-9e7d9b95a630.md">IncludeAsDesignerVerb</a></td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates the item should appear in other user interface contexts.<br />(Overrides DesignerActionMethodItem.IncludeAsDesignerVerb)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="810db329-5bfd-fc48-cdfb-a2a86e1c333e.md">MemberName</a></td>
<td>Gets the name of the method that this item is associated with.<br />(Overrides DesignerActionMethodItem.MemberName)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Properties</td>
<td>Gets a reference to a collection that can be used to store programmer-defined key/value pairs.<br />(Inherited from DesignerActionItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RelatedComponent</td>
<td>Gets or sets a component that contributes its DesignerActionMethodItem objects to the current panel.<br />(Inherited from DesignerActionMethodItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowInSourceView</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value that indicates whether this item appears in source code view.<br />(Inherited from DesignerActionItem)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="9988c54a-36b6-adc2-aa32-f5a9eca6bb25.md">KryptonDesignerActionItem Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
