# CompactFlags Class


Specifies the compacting operations performed during layout.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="0dbf488f-9676-a1e5-a949-1b4bcea03d52.md">Krypton.Workspace</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Workspace (in Krypton.Workspace.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
[FlagsAttribute]
public sealed class CompactFlags : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
<FlagsAttribute>
Public NotInheritable Class CompactFlags
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  CompactFlags</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="0788f265-c11d-5ee6-8417-0c7e3f0ead58.md">All</a></td>
<td>Specifies that all compacting flags be applied.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="60cfdd03-9a92-7427-721d-650d11f12124.md">AtLeastOneVisibleCell</a></td>
<td>Specifies that there should be at least one visible cell in the workspace and creates one if none are present.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6062f9ee-662a-8fff-4d5a-09972ea3e2b1.md">None</a></td>
<td>Specifies that no compacting actions take place.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="14b82ef1-d922-5abc-f939-1b50a74ccfd0.md">PromoteLeafs</a></td>
<td>Specifies that a sequence with a single child replace the sequence with the child itself.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dfbba091-6434-ab49-b7c5-c7ad94aea68e.md">RemoveEmptyCells</a></td>
<td>Specifies that cells with no pages be removed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="25af0e96-3df6-c053-5d68-c6c5909e3dfc.md">RemoveEmptySequences</a></td>
<td>Specifies that sequences with no children be removed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="844908fa-dd87-fbdf-b17c-78bcb123a3a6.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="0dbf488f-9676-a1e5-a949-1b4bcea03d52.md">Krypton.Workspace Namespace</a>  
