# PageReorderEventArgs Class


Details of an event that is fired just before a page is reordered.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Navigator (in Krypton.Navigator.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class PageReorderEventArgs : CancelEventArgs
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class PageReorderEventArgs
	Inherits CancelEventArgs
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  EventArgs  →  CancelEventArgs  →  PageReorderEventArgs</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="c0d6a604-2aec-ca38-acb5-b54550bd64cf.md">PageReorderEventArgs</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the PageReorderEventArgs class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>Cancel</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the event should be canceled.<br />(Inherited from CancelEventArgs)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5438fe7d-c93f-9d7c-8318-4e39e2cb910a.md">MovingBefore</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if the page being moved is to be placed before the target page.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5140278c-038f-3b51-21bb-42a6a0e413e0.md">PageMoving</a></td>
<td>Gets the page that is being moved.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="02b3d14d-4a35-5996-abde-885b6208b7a8.md">PageTarget</a></td>
<td>Gets the page that is the target for the move.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
