# KryptonListView Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyClients(AccessibleEvents, Int32)</td>
<td>Notifies the accessibility client applications of the specified AccessibleEvents for the specified child control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyClients(AccessibleEvents, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Notifies the accessibility client applications of the specified AccessibleEvents for the specified child control .<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ArrangeIcons()</td>
<td>Arranges items in the control when they are displayed as icons based on the value of the Alignment property.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ArrangeIcons(ListViewAlignment)</td>
<td>Arranges items in the control when they are displayed as icons with a specified alignment setting.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeColumn</td>
<td>Resizes the width of the given column as indicated by the resize style.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeColumns</td>
<td>Resizes the width of the columns as indicated by the resize style.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously with the specified arguments, on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginUpdate</td>
<td>Prevents the control from drawing until the EndUpdate() method is called.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BringToFront</td>
<td>Brings the control to the front of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Clear</td>
<td>Removes all items and columns from the control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Contains</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating whether the specified control is a child of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f926a074-d8cf-cf5c-7eac-b1e9f99f3161.md">ContextMenuClosed</a></td>
<td>Called when a context menu has just been closed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateAccessibilityInstance</td>
<td>Creates a new instance of the accessibility object for the ListView control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateControl</td>
<td>Forces the creation of the visible control, including the creation of the handle and any visible child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateControlsInstance</td>
<td>Creates a new instance of the control collection for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateGraphics</td>
<td>Creates the Graphics for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateHandle</td>
<td>Creates a handle for the control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefWndProc</td>
<td>Sends the specified message to the default window procedure.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DestroyHandle</td>
<td>Destroys the handle associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="87132711-8820-765e-a575-0b9f095dda6b.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Control.<br />(Overrides ListView.Dispose(Boolean))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects)</td>
<td>Begins a drag-and-drop operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects, Bitmap, Point, Boolean)</td>
<td>Begins a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DrawToBitmap</td>
<td>Supports rendering to the specified bitmap.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EndInvoke</td>
<td>Retrieves the return value of the asynchronous operation represented by the IAsyncResult passed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EndUpdate</td>
<td>Resumes drawing of the list view control after drawing is suspended by the BeginUpdate() method.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EnsureVisible</td>
<td>Ensures that the specified item is visible within the control, scrolling the contents of the control if necessary.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindForm</td>
<td>Retrieves the form that the control is on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindItemWithText(String)</td>
<td>Finds the first ListViewItem that begins with the specified text value.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindItemWithText(String, Boolean, Int32)</td>
<td>Finds the first ListViewItem or ListViewItem.ListViewSubItem, if indicated, that begins with the specified text value. The search starts at the specified index.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindItemWithText(String, Boolean, Int32, Boolean)</td>
<td>Finds the first ListViewItem or ListViewItem.ListViewSubItem, if indicated, that begins with the specified text value. The search starts at the specified index.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindNearestItem(SearchDirectionHint, Point)</td>
<td>Finds the next item from the given point, searching in the specified direction.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindNearestItem(SearchDirectionHint, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Finds the next item from the given x- and y-coordinates, searching in the specified direction.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focus</td>
<td>Sets input focus to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetAccessibilityObjectById</td>
<td>Retrieves the specified AccessibleObject.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating how a control will behave when its AutoSize() property is enabled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point, GetChildAtPointSkip)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates, specifying whether to ignore child controls of a certain type.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetContainerControl</td>
<td>Returns the next ContainerControl up the control's chain of parent controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetItemAt</td>
<td>Retrieves the item at the specified location.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetItemRect(Int32)</td>
<td>Retrieves the bounding rectangle for a specific item within the list view control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetItemRect(Int32, ItemBoundsPortion)</td>
<td>Retrieves the specified portion of the bounding rectangle for a specific item within the list view control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetNextControl</td>
<td>Retrieves the next control forward or back in the tab order of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPreferredSize</td>
<td>Retrieves the size of a rectangular area into which a control can be fitted.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetScaledBounds</td>
<td>Retrieves the bounds within which the control is scaled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStyle</td>
<td>Retrieves the value of the specified control style bit for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTopLevel</td>
<td>Determines if the control is a top-level control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Hide</td>
<td>Conceals the control from the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HitTest(Point)</td>
<td>Provides item information, given a point.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HitTest(Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Provides item information, given x- and y-coordinates.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitLayout</td>
<td>Called after the control has been added to another container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate()</td>
<td>Invalidates the entire surface of the control and causes the control to be redrawn.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates a specific region of the control and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate, on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle, with the specified list of arguments.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(T)(Func(T))</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeGotFocus</td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeLostFocus</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeOnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokePaint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokePaintBackground</td>
<td>Raises the PaintBackground event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputChar</td>
<td>Determines if a character is an input character that the control recognizes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputKey</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified key is a regular input key or a special key that requires preprocessing.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Int32)</td>
<td>Converts a Logical DPI value to its equivalent DeviceUnit DPI value.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Size)</td>
<td>Transforms a size from logical to device units by scaling it for the current DPI and rounding down to the nearest integer value for width and height.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NotifyInvalidate</td>
<td>Raises the Invalidated event with a specified region of the control to invalidate.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAfterLabelEdit</td>
<td>Raises the AfterLabelEdit event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAutoSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AutoSizeChanged() event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundImageLayoutChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageLayoutChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBeforeLabelEdit</td>
<td>Raises the BeforeLabelEdit event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCacheVirtualItems</td>
<td>Raises the CacheVirtualItems event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCausesValidationChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CausesValidationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnChangeUICues</td>
<td>Raises the ChangeUICues event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClientSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ClientSizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnClick</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnClick event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnReordered</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnReordered event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnWidthChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnWidthChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnWidthChanging</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnWidthChanging event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ContextMenuStripChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnControlAdded</td>
<td>Raises the ControlAdded event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnControlRemoved</td>
<td>Raises the ControlRemoved event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCreateControl</td>
<td>Raises the CreateControl() method.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCursorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CursorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataContextChanged</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDockChanged</td>
<td>Raises the DockChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the DoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChangedAfterParent</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChangedAfterParent event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChangedBeforeParent</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChangedBeforeParent event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragDrop</td>
<td>Raises the DragDrop event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragEnter</td>
<td>Raises the DragEnter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragLeave</td>
<td>Raises the DragLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragOver</td>
<td>Raises the DragOver event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDrawColumnHeader</td>
<td>Raises the DrawColumnHeader event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7dfb2805-4ea3-1317-bf09-cf7dcf190cab.md">OnDrawItem</a></td>
<td>Raises the DrawItem event.<br />(Overrides ListView.OnDrawItem(DrawListViewItemEventArgs))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDrawSubItem</td>
<td>Raises the DrawSubItem event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1090aa74-df25-5d67-5f9e-4abaf9acb14a.md">OnEnabledChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnabledChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnter</td>
<td>Raises the Enter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGiveFeedback</td>
<td>Raises the GiveFeedback event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fa9f08d9-8c65-484d-51f7-be11041b36cd.md">OnGotFocus(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGotFocus(EventArgs)</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGroupCollapsedStateChanged</td>
<td>Fires the GroupCollapsedStateChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGroupTaskLinkClick</td>
<td>Fires the GroupTaskLinkClick event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleCreated</td>
<td>Raises the HandleCreated event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleDestroyed</td>
<td>Raises the HandleDestroyed event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHelpRequested</td>
<td>Raises the HelpRequested event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnImeModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ImeModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnInvalidated</td>
<td>Raises the Invalidated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnItemActivate</td>
<td>Raises the ItemActivate event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnItemCheck</td>
<td>Raises the ItemCheck event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnItemChecked</td>
<td>Raises the ItemChecked event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnItemDrag</td>
<td>Raises the ItemDrag event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnItemMouseHover</td>
<td>Raises the ItemMouseHover event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnItemSelectionChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ItemSelectionChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnKeyDown</td>
<td>Raises the KeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnKeyPress</td>
<td>Raises the KeyPress event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnKeyUp</td>
<td>Raises the KeyUp event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7065f98b-0362-4468-5419-66d6f250d39f.md">OnLayout</a></td>
<td>Raises the Layout event.<br />(Overrides Control.OnLayout(LayoutEventArgs))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLeave</td>
<td>Raises the Leave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLocationChanged</td>
<td>Raises the LocationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31e68dfa-f677-40ed-2a66-bac02c4bbd1b.md">OnLostFocus(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLostFocus(EventArgs)</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMarginChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MarginChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseCaptureChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MouseCaptureChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseClick</td>
<td>Raises the MouseClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the MouseDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseDown</td>
<td>Raises the MouseDown event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6270536f-60ca-b044-95d1-4f23c090ecb3.md">OnMouseEnter(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseEnter(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the MouseEnter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseHover</td>
<td>Raises the MouseHover event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="374a3a38-b072-1047-1716-f4a2f157084f.md">OnMouseLeave(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseLeave(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseMove</td>
<td>Raises the MouseMove event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseUp</td>
<td>Raises the MouseUp event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseWheel</td>
<td>Raises the MouseWheel event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMove</td>
<td>Raises the Move event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fb66ea6b-99ce-d3d2-70d9-495b9bc168cf.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette storage of a paint and optional layout required.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="12bbfed5-f00e-9037-81ba-97cf2549c7c2.md">OnNotifyMessage</a></td>
<td><br />(Overrides Control.OnNotifyMessage(Message))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaddingChanged</td>
<td>Raises the PaddingChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaintBackground</td>
<td>Paints the background of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event when the BackColor property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event when the BackgroundImage property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event when the BindingContext property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ParentChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentCursorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CursorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentDataContextChanged</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentEnabledChanged</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event when the Enabled property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event when the Font property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event when the ForeColor property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentRightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event when the RightToLeft property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event when the Visible property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPreviewKeyDown</td>
<td>Raises the PreviewKeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPrint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnQueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Raises the QueryContinueDrag event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRegionChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RegionChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnResize</td>
<td>Raises the Resize event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRetrieveVirtualItem</td>
<td>Raises the RetrieveVirtualItem event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRightToLeftLayoutChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftLayoutChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSearchForVirtualItem</td>
<td>Raises the SearchForVirtualItem event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="47e38449-32da-410e-9b7a-560a1add3d35.md">OnSelectedIndexChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSelectedIndexChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the SelectedIndexChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the StyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSystemColorsChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SystemColorsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTabIndexChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TabIndexChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTabStopChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TabStopChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidated</td>
<td>Raises the Validated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidating</td>
<td>Raises the Validating event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnVirtualItemsSelectionRangeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VirtualItemsSelectionRangeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout()</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout(Control, String)</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a394d75e-5691-8bab-9323-751b10c40453.md">PerformNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToClient</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified screen point into client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified client point into screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessControlMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessCmdKey</td>
<td>Processes a command key.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDialogChar</td>
<td>Processes a dialog character.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDialogKey</td>
<td>Processes a dialog key.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyEventArgs</td>
<td>Processes a key message and generates the appropriate control events.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyMessage</td>
<td>Processes a keyboard message.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyPreview</td>
<td>Previews a keyboard message.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessMnemonic</td>
<td>Processes a mnemonic character.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseDragEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate drag event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseKeyEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate key event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseMouseEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate mouse event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaisePaintEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RealizeProperties</td>
<td>Initializes the properties of the ListView control that manage the appearance of the control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreateHandle</td>
<td>Forces the re-creation of the handle for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToClient</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified screen rectangle in client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified client rectangle in screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RedrawItems</td>
<td>Forces a range of ListViewItem objects to be redrawn.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Refresh</td>
<td>Forces the control to invalidate its client area and immediately redraw itself and any child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RescaleConstantsForDpi</td>
<td>Provides constants for rescaling the control when a DPI change occurs.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResetMouseEventArgs</td>
<td>Resets the control to handle the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0c7e5112-739c-474e-60ae-98fadad1e0d2.md">ResetPalette</a></td>
<td>Resets the Palette property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7ce92c47-3f08-4996-7abb-4584fc06cf02.md">ResetPaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Resets the PaletteMode property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResetText</td>
<td>Resets the Text property to its default value (Empty).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout()</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout(Boolean)</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic, optionally forcing an immediate layout of pending layout requests.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(ContentAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified ContentAlignment to the appropriate ContentAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(HorizontalAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified HorizontalAlignment to the appropriate HorizontalAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(LeftRightAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified LeftRightAlignment to the appropriate LeftRightAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateContent</td>
<td>Converts the specified ContentAlignment to the appropriate ContentAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateHorizontal</td>
<td>Converts the specified HorizontalAlignment to the appropriate HorizontalAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateLeftRight</td>
<td>Converts the specified LeftRightAlignment to the appropriate LeftRightAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Scale</td>
<td>Scales the control and all child controls by the specified scaling factor.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleBitmapLogicalToDevice</td>
<td>Scales a logical bitmap value to it's equivalent device unit value when a DPI change occurs.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleControl</td>
<td>Scales a control's location, size, padding and margin.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Select()</td>
<td>Activates the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Select(Boolean, Boolean)</td>
<td>Activates a child control. Optionally specifies the direction in the tab order to select the control from.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectNextControl</td>
<td>Activates the next control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SendToBack</td>
<td>Sends the control to the back of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Sets a value indicating how a control will behave when its AutoSize() property is enabled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Sets the bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, BoundsSpecified)</td>
<td>Sets the specified bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBoundsCore</td>
<td>Performs the work of setting the specified bounds of this control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetClientSizeCore</td>
<td>Sets the size of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2fee91cd-aa59-39c9-5801-9a88dd979304.md">SetFixedState</a></td>
<td>Sets the fixed state of the control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetStyle</td>
<td>Sets a specified ControlStyles flag to either true or false.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetTopLevel</td>
<td>Sets the control as the top-level control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetVisibleCore</td>
<td>Sets the control to the specified visible state.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Show</td>
<td>Displays the control to the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeFromClientSize</td>
<td>Determines the size of the entire control from the height and width of its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Sort</td>
<td>Sorts the items of the list view.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SuspendLayout</td>
<td>Temporarily suspends the layout logic for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string representation of the ListView control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Update</td>
<td>Causes the control to redraw the invalidated regions within its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds()</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the current size and location.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the specified size and location.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the specified size, location, and client size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateExtendedStyles</td>
<td>Updates the extended styles applied to the list view control.<br />(Inherited from ListView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateStyles</td>
<td>Forces the assigned styles to be reapplied to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateZOrder</td>
<td>Updates the control in its parent's z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="86caa59d-ee17-a431-34b8-c06bb403f7ae.md">WndProc</a></td>
<td>Process Windows-based messages.<br />(Overrides ListView.WndProc(Message))</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="0708dbd3-8b84-d9ff-266c-c945f2b99c05.md">KryptonListView Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
