# PaletteButtonEnabled Class


Specifies the enabled state of a button specification.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public sealed class PaletteButtonEnabled : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public NotInheritable Class PaletteButtonEnabled
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  PaletteButtonEnabled</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="76300776-c1a5-219d-dbf8-857d0f705d0c.md">Container</a></td>
<td>Specifies button should take enabled state from container control state.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c7b8e6d9-c282-ad45-245c-276425f9b77f.md">False</a></td>
<td>Specifies button should be disabled.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="30c4b26a-7483-759c-7812-ce529064d4ec.md">Inherit</a></td>
<td>Specifies enabled state should be inherited.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d28766c5-62fb-36b5-7c44-6d77ca99dac1.md">True</a></td>
<td>Specifies button should be enabled.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="094fb1b9-806d-a4ac-6a98-18391483aa73.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
