# KryptonDefaultColorAttribute Class


Create a default value attribute for color property.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public sealed class KryptonDefaultColorAttribute : DefaultValueAttribute
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public NotInheritable Class KryptonDefaultColorAttribute
	Inherits DefaultValueAttribute
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  Attribute  →  DefaultValueAttribute  →  KryptonDefaultColorAttribute</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="130eb1d9-097d-02e5-c240-560f79800aac.md">KryptonDefaultColorAttribute</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonDefaultColorAttribute class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>TypeId</td>
<td>When implemented in a derived class, gets a unique identifier for this Attribute.<br />(Inherited from Attribute)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Value</td>
<td>Gets the default value of the property this attribute is bound to.<br />(Inherited from DefaultValueAttribute)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns whether the value of the given object is equal to the current DefaultValueAttribute.<br />(Inherited from DefaultValueAttribute)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for this instance.<br />(Inherited from DefaultValueAttribute)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDefaultAttribute</td>
<td>When overridden in a derived class, indicates whether the value of this instance is the default value for the derived class.<br />(Inherited from Attribute)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Match</td>
<td>When overridden in a derived class, returns a value that indicates whether this instance equals a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Attribute)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
