# StringLookupConverter&lt;TEnumType&gt; Class


Helper base class used to convert from to/from a table of value,string pairs.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public abstract class StringLookupConverter<TEnumType> : EnumConverter

```
**VB**
``` VB
Public MustInherit Class StringLookupConverter(Of TEnumType)
	Inherits EnumConverter
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  EnumConverter  →  StringLookupConverter(TEnumType)</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Derived</strong></td><td><a href="598f70ee-df26-6b43-0e5a-f7775c834b89.md">Krypton.Navigator.BarItemSizingConverter</a><br /><a href="3fd40de3-5255-9ff4-8a86-928274781db2.md">Krypton.Navigator.ButtonDisplayConverter</a><br /><a href="de442638-9fe7-c391-b4b4-01e3744a8084.md">Krypton.Navigator.ButtonDisplayLogicConverter</a><br /><a href="80a1ee40-f918-ff2c-6d02-dcf534509ca4.md">Krypton.Navigator.CloseButtonActionConverter</a><br /><a href="acfa76ba-2f65-000b-6f4c-7eaaaeb172ab.md">Krypton.Navigator.ContextButtonActionConverter</a><br /><a href="598925b8-56de-9cdd-3743-8eadb14c8163.md">Krypton.Navigator.DirectionButtonActionConverter</a><br /><a href="89e68266-e12a-8f71-43f1-c5c3022f54ac.md">Krypton.Navigator.MapKryptonPageImageConverter</a><br /><a href="4f3d9c57-830d-4e20-2f69-ff649ecfb797.md">Krypton.Navigator.MapKryptonPageTextConverter</a><br /><a href="5362cd94-1fe5-4afa-718b-9632fac7cfe8.md">Krypton.Navigator.NavigatorModeConverter</a><br /><a href="d3e67a87-2dca-a155-0109-00423132f3a9.md">Krypton.Navigator.PopupPageAllowConverter</a><br /><a href="801913bd-9b59-4df2-ccea-a18be0832bf7.md">Krypton.Navigator.PopupPagePositionConverter</a><br /><a href="12a64f36-d523-3211-18ec-53478a86789b.md">Krypton.Toolkit.PaletteModeConverter</a></td></tr>
</table>



#### Type Parameters
<dl><dt /><dd>\[Missing &lt;typeparam name="TEnumType"/&gt; documentation for "T:Krypton.Toolkit.StringLookupConverter`1"\]</dd></dl>

## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="d3cfd912-6c2a-8865-d8af-0b4a79da30da.md">StringLookupConverter(TEnumType)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the StringLookupConverter class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>Comparer</td>
<td>Gets an IComparer that can be used to sort the values of the enumeration.<br />(Inherited from EnumConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EnumType</td>
<td>Specifies the type of the enumerator this converter is associated with.<br />(Inherited from EnumConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cb33d303-856e-c206-32b6-dbd92f5dffc6.md">Pairs</a></td>
<td>Gets an array of lookup pairs.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Values</td>
<td>Gets or sets a TypeConverter.StandardValuesCollection that specifies the possible values for the enumeration.<br />(Inherited from EnumConverter)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this converter can convert an object in the given source type to an enumeration object using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from EnumConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this converter can convert an object to the given destination type using the context.<br />(Inherited from EnumConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ccd214cd-eedf-ee72-3c31-522fc76aa930.md">ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</a></td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value object to an enumeration object.<br />(Inherited from EnumConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="036ac6ad-ab9c-5481-0c69-20665207eb43.md">ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</a></td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified destination type.<br />(Inherited from EnumConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context and attributes.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a collection of standard values for the data type this validator is designed for.<br />(Inherited from EnumConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the list of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from EnumConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from EnumConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the given object value is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from EnumConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
