# KryptonDesignerActionItem Class


Action item that presents as a method call but calls a property.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonDesignerActionItem : DesignerActionMethodItem
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonDesignerActionItem
	Inherits DesignerActionMethodItem
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  DesignerActionItem  →  DesignerActionMethodItem  →  KryptonDesignerActionItem</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="75e5a70c-9b82-9dea-25e0-4253b391839a.md">KryptonDesignerActionItem</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KrpytonDesignerActionVerbItem class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AllowAssociate</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to allow this item to be placed into a group of items that have the same Category property value.<br />(Inherited from DesignerActionItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9bbbfb08-ee4e-7ac7-d462-7e4e5df0c593.md">Category</a></td>
<td>Gets the group name for an item.<br />(Overrides DesignerActionItem.Category)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b6b539c6-578f-62ea-ca22-7ffe50069271.md">Description</a></td>
<td>Gets the supplemental text for the item.<br />(Overrides DesignerActionItem.Description)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="54387406-95d3-8939-5f03-c8e2892ba4d3.md">DisplayName</a></td>
<td>Gets the text for this item.<br />(Overrides DesignerActionItem.DisplayName)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e929211b-5288-262b-9f22-9e7d9b95a630.md">IncludeAsDesignerVerb</a></td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates the item should appear in other user interface contexts.<br />(Overrides DesignerActionMethodItem.IncludeAsDesignerVerb)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="810db329-5bfd-fc48-cdfb-a2a86e1c333e.md">MemberName</a></td>
<td>Gets the name of the method that this item is associated with.<br />(Overrides DesignerActionMethodItem.MemberName)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Properties</td>
<td>Gets a reference to a collection that can be used to store programmer-defined key/value pairs.<br />(Inherited from DesignerActionItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RelatedComponent</td>
<td>Gets or sets a component that contributes its DesignerActionMethodItem objects to the current panel.<br />(Inherited from DesignerActionMethodItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowInSourceView</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value that indicates whether this item appears in source code view.<br />(Inherited from DesignerActionItem)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5c91f483-3fde-c059-fa78-5c6cb48cf24d.md">Invoke</a></td>
<td>Programmatically executes the method associated with the item.<br />(Overrides DesignerActionMethodItem.Invoke())</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
