# DateTimePickerDropArgs Class


Details about the context menu about to be shown when clicking the drop down button on a KryptonDateTimePicker.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class DateTimePickerDropArgs : CancelEventArgs
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class DateTimePickerDropArgs
	Inherits CancelEventArgs
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  EventArgs  →  CancelEventArgs  →  DateTimePickerDropArgs</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="248ae558-fce8-e0cc-9b1a-b4b955a225ef.md">DateTimePickerDropArgs</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the DateTimePickerDropArgs class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>Cancel</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the event should be canceled.<br />(Inherited from CancelEventArgs)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="21e159a2-bf27-81ab-b844-10b8ef91e693.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the KryptonContextMenu instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5ff80f99-b9f2-e1ed-6e62-80ff5aa62ddd.md">PositionH</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the relative horizontal position of the KryptonContextMenu.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6dafe661-9e2d-33ba-2d1a-6e4d7c87d15e.md">PositionV</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the relative vertical position of the KryptonContextMenu.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
