# ButtonDisplay Class


Specifies the display logic for the a button on the navigator.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Navigator (in Krypton.Navigator.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
[TypeConverterAttribute(typeof(ButtonDisplayConverter))]
public sealed class ButtonDisplay : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
<TypeConverterAttribute(GetType(ButtonDisplayConverter))>
Public NotInheritable Class ButtonDisplay
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  ButtonDisplay</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="df3c88d5-4ed8-717b-4ed2-3ac4acd06ebf.md">Hide</a></td>
<td>Specifies the button is never shown.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fb806081-f6c1-54a6-d9e3-9dc959de5ea5.md">Logic</a></td>
<td>Specifies the button is is enabled and shown depending on state logic.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="32d8e68e-acc0-ea7a-cae8-9880f4b1062b.md">ShowDisabled</a></td>
<td>Specifies the button is always shown but always disabled.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="123380b7-3f47-bebd-5ffe-d082a0674147.md">ShowEnabled</a></td>
<td>Specifies the button is always shown but always enabled.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4734c64d-c4c0-91aa-6c2e-602b41add6aa.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
