# PaletteBackInheritOverride Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0dab1608-855e-8e77-2b08-f2de8329a4c2.md">GetBackColor1</a></td>
<td>Gets the first background color.<br />(Overrides <a href="f031da8a-5111-5cff-96f4-83da6e8674df.md">PaletteBackInherit.GetBackColor1(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e1add5a0-313a-eac0-7bb9-d02c888cf755.md">GetBackColor2</a></td>
<td>Gets the second back color.<br />(Overrides <a href="f2cd4424-072e-5b76-84a6-7f02498564b2.md">PaletteBackInherit.GetBackColor2(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c2ec665e-66ac-6ae7-5425-e32060a487f0.md">GetBackColorAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the color alignment style.<br />(Overrides <a href="179bc7c2-b5d5-aecf-c1a7-5a4d2f96872a.md">PaletteBackInherit.GetBackColorAlign(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="40e31861-e35e-9cf8-5a13-d0b0ff20c6d9.md">GetBackColorAngle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color background angle.<br />(Overrides <a href="41a43f5d-63c0-3873-7f8e-7c00e00594d0.md">PaletteBackInherit.GetBackColorAngle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ef46294f-824b-7460-2f4f-d0e3d421e988.md">GetBackColorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color drawing style.<br />(Overrides <a href="9b18e116-0fbc-c63c-b682-e032159f80eb.md">PaletteBackInherit.GetBackColorStyle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0717b60b-45c2-3f40-80c4-927745f787a0.md">GetBackDraw</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if background should be drawn.<br />(Overrides <a href="f39f70b3-6dc6-25b3-373f-9be9aee8b7d0.md">PaletteBackInherit.GetBackDraw(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="436480ff-b273-12ca-e835-c28d8b44e77a.md">GetBackGraphicsHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the graphics drawing hint.<br />(Overrides <a href="b2c8ebe3-2cb1-8043-853e-d45b7e42ad6a.md">PaletteBackInherit.GetBackGraphicsHint(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="df50d609-c06d-9897-8332-166d232638c3.md">GetBackImage</a></td>
<td>Gets a background image.<br />(Overrides <a href="136b6b30-a45a-986b-e9c3-fe62a39d8faa.md">PaletteBackInherit.GetBackImage(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c18072c5-be7e-c09e-4c6f-6d1cae1de1c6.md">GetBackImageAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the image alignment style.<br />(Overrides <a href="28edb9c0-a29d-f53b-aee9-3c1946f09414.md">PaletteBackInherit.GetBackImageAlign(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="32406afa-9b34-6814-0598-c166e9c6695a.md">GetBackImageStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background image style.<br />(Overrides <a href="b9ec8e3e-088a-c3ce-6343-cb545ebc9c5d.md">PaletteBackInherit.GetBackImageStyle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81809bfc-0f5e-4548-f0ae-efe1e40052f5.md">SetPalettes</a></td>
<td>Update the the primary and backup palettes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="2e18f059-8473-0e48-7528-bdeea40d88f3.md">PaletteBackInheritOverride Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
