# MessageButton Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can accept data that the user drags onto it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Anchor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the edges of the container to which a control is bound and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d21ce354-c2ea-aa32-b64d-46121650a1b6.md">AutoSize</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the automatic resize of the control to fit contents.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5a50795b-a8ed-ccb2-0fff-f00ab79d45f5.md">KryptonButton</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ee8b620f-fcb0-adc5-e575-7525bdbb2ff2.md">AutoSizeMode</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the auto size mode.<br />(Inherited from <a href="c694ec82-881d-9be7-5585-83bda73ce040.md">VisualSimpleBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b1f88b46-a77d-7c3f-1375-bf28df97f1dd.md">BackColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background color for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="c694ec82-881d-9be7-5585-83bda73ce040.md">VisualSimpleBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1cb9b3f1-d625-1f75-6f48-9cd33918e4c4.md">BackgroundImage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fbcec284-5d61-c094-4119-30a008179f8c.md">BackgroundImageLayout</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image layout.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3d1c4f13-2581-ac89-c321-1bc7d509eedf.md">ButtonStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the button style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5a50795b-a8ed-ccb2-0fff-f00ab79d45f5.md">KryptonButton</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="762a4528-1f36-43c6-29a3-95a52c85f1e8.md">ContextMenuStrip</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the ContextMenuStrip associated with this control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Controls</td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="97e8817f-427c-f060-8755-d1a38aafc944.md">CornerRoundingRadius</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the corner rounding radius.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5a50795b-a8ed-ccb2-0fff-f00ab79d45f5.md">KryptonButton</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateParams</td>
<td>Gets the required creation parameters when the control handle is created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bc2f166f-eae0-1bb6-b520-7bb792dec824.md">DefaultImeMode</a></td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by this control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5a50795b-a8ed-ccb2-0fff-f00ab79d45f5.md">KryptonButton</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4444213f-9d60-3a28-563a-d194cf6cba3c.md">DefaultSize</a></td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5a50795b-a8ed-ccb2-0fff-f00ab79d45f5.md">KryptonButton</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5c7c1ba5-ddca-cca3-d281-eb117b45ccc6.md">DialogResult</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the value returned to the parent form when the button is clicked.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5a50795b-a8ed-ccb2-0fff-f00ab79d45f5.md">KryptonButton</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the display area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dock</td>
<td>Gets or sets which control borders are docked to its parent control and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f77f144-461b-e0c7-d404-e98cb632abe2.md">EvalInvokePaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to use Invoke to force a repaint.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focused</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b4c1ddd6-297e-8bb0-8dba-c100170424ea.md">Font</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the font of the text displayed by the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="c694ec82-881d-9be7-5585-83bda73ce040.md">VisualSimpleBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="522759ef-86c7-b5b3-1768-a8be9076b571.md">ForeColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the foreground color for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="c694ec82-881d-9be7-5585-83bda73ce040.md">VisualSimpleBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="de900bf0-fa97-de8e-fdf7-668afadc0434.md">IgnoreAltF4</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ignoring of Alt+F4</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0a2b7181-805d-87a7-2a57-1f393a92412c.md">KryptonCommand</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the associated KryptonCommand.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5a50795b-a8ed-ccb2-0fff-f00ab79d45f5.md">KryptonButton</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19e559e5-49d6-6837-1d3e-bd30310c9e4b.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the KryptonContextMenu to show when right clicked.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the upper limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the lower limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e8e19cb-0b87-5a93-8dae-ba685ab768d3.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd0acfd2-24e3-79cc-4d0e-393dc3db77cf.md">NeedPaintPaletteDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint palette delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76de231e-1e7e-f794-8483-ddea441042ee.md">NeedTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if transparent paint is needed<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="13f8ff84-c75c-8f55-bfcb-fde41c3baf83.md">Orientation</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the visual orientation of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5a50795b-a8ed-ccb2-0fff-f00ab79d45f5.md">KryptonButton</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ecc0ea36-dbb5-ebf3-28dd-a9a42218892e.md">OverrideDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal button appearance when default.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5a50795b-a8ed-ccb2-0fff-f00ab79d45f5.md">KryptonButton</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a0d35bac-950e-e88b-fae1-e9e63b137994.md">OverrideFocus</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the button appearance when it has focus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5a50795b-a8ed-ccb2-0fff-f00ab79d45f5.md">KryptonButton</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets padding within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0cd21a8-cecb-c891-532e-34ba62c82f21.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41c3411b-ffb0-095e-47b4-fc6ce7c5db17.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="177219af-8f43-9c87-623d-ff4ae2155849.md">Redirector</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the palette redirector.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81eeb3c2-d939-1525-0987-b9cd7d94af7d.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="967d5f08-e879-d55a-70cc-e038aebe49cd.md">ShowSplitOption</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether [show split option].<br />(Inherited from <a href="5a50795b-a8ed-ccb2-0fff-f00ab79d45f5.md">KryptonButton</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="59253b32-80e1-c13f-f704-85b3ca268d18.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common button appearance that other states can override.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5a50795b-a8ed-ccb2-0fff-f00ab79d45f5.md">KryptonButton</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3d4ca755-69dc-4ccf-2261-3ba07027a136.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled button appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5a50795b-a8ed-ccb2-0fff-f00ab79d45f5.md">KryptonButton</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="72410ce1-5d22-9b65-b3b6-cc4d2225b4e6.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal button appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5a50795b-a8ed-ccb2-0fff-f00ab79d45f5.md">KryptonButton</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="280c51f7-b5eb-0aee-9a9f-5dd316206f24.md">StatePressed</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the pressed button appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5a50795b-a8ed-ccb2-0fff-f00ab79d45f5.md">KryptonButton</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f5d9872-afd2-ccb9-1a98-d0bdf2252644.md">StateTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the hot tracking button appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5a50795b-a8ed-ccb2-0fff-f00ab79d45f5.md">KryptonButton</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can give the focus to this control using the TAB key.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ebc95693-8320-2ddd-2a7d-5575555f23df.md">Text</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the text associated with this control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5a50795b-a8ed-ccb2-0fff-f00ab79d45f5.md">KryptonButton</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7bc15b0f-7b9c-1821-d705-0229ee9c0438.md">ToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the button content.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f51f7937-adcf-25ad-781c-3ae22623fe0d.md">TransparentParent</a></td>
<td>Gets the control reference that is the parent for transparent drawing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="770e9682-0661-f28e-6770-dde282cf3a76.md">UACShieldIconSize</a></td>
<td><br />(Inherited from <a href="5a50795b-a8ed-ccb2-0fff-f00ab79d45f5.md">KryptonButton</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cb943a53-2fa5-dbe3-9071-3abadf949caf.md">UseAsADialogButton</a></td>
<td><br />(Inherited from <a href="5a50795b-a8ed-ccb2-0fff-f00ab79d45f5.md">KryptonButton</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="33c6ff2c-df2b-d042-4e02-dc231c9aa763.md">UseAsUACElevationButton</a></td>
<td><br />(Inherited from <a href="5a50795b-a8ed-ccb2-0fff-f00ab79d45f5.md">KryptonButton</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9c874ea3-408c-03cc-4ffa-91082120fbc3.md">UseMnemonic</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether an ampersand is included in the text of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5a50795b-a8ed-ccb2-0fff-f00ab79d45f5.md">KryptonButton</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="29bf8d0c-99fa-1b46-0e06-d165034b412d.md">Values</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the button content.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5a50795b-a8ed-ccb2-0fff-f00ab79d45f5.md">KryptonButton</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a95ee0cd-e2e2-e66e-a0f1-47e24228d558.md">ViewDrawButton</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the view element for the button.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5a50795b-a8ed-ccb2-0fff-f00ab79d45f5.md">KryptonButton</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a8b0ca19-a0e1-2946-c418-90b8c8645c72.md">VisualTaskDialog.MessageButton Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
