# KryptonFontDialog Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AllowScriptChange</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can change the character set specified in the Script combo box to display a character set other than the one currently displayed.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowSimulations</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the dialog box allows graphics device interface (GDI) font simulations.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowVectorFonts</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the dialog box allows vector font selections.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowVerticalFonts</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the dialog box displays both vertical and horizontal fonts or only horizontal fonts.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the component can raise an event.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Color</td>
<td>Gets or sets the selected font color.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b5ee2c6f-38f9-4cb1-19ac-9ef53ce79ed4.md">DisplayExtendedColorsButton</a></td>
<td>Display the Legacy Extended colours choice</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="871e8d04-a081-d27a-77eb-386a3cdd7764.md">DisplayIsPrinterFontDescription</a></td>
<td>Place an informative area at the bottom of the form stating if this will also be used on printers</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FixedPitchOnly</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the dialog box allows only the selection of fixed-pitch fonts.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Font</td>
<td>Gets or sets the selected font.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontMustExist</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the dialog box specifies an error condition if the user attempts to select a font or style that does not exist.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ab33f025-8e75-7a6f-4ec6-6eea9ffa3f04.md">Icon</a></td>
<td>Changes the default Icon to Developer set</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaxSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the maximum point size a user can select.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the minimum point size a user can select.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Options</td>
<td>Gets values to initialize the FontDialog.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScriptsOnly</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the dialog box allows selection of fonts for all non-OEM and Symbol character sets, as well as the ANSI character set.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowApply</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the dialog box contains an Apply button.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the dialog box displays the color choice.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowEffects</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the dialog box contains controls that allow the user to specify strikethrough, underline, and text color options.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowHelp</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the dialog box displays a Help button.<br />(Inherited from FontDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="21a85204-f193-4a8d-361a-272f2ac86273.md">ShowIcon</a></td>
<td>Changes the default Icon to Developer set</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ISite of the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets an object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from CommonDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="836ea73b-5670-7fb9-9673-493d5478d991.md">Title</a></td>
<td>Changes the title of the common Font Dialog</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="8bb4a38e-a5c2-afb1-80c6-e9b2981189b1.md">KryptonFontDialog Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
