# GlobalId Class


Contains a global identifier that is unique among objects.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class GlobalId : ExpandableObjectConverter, IGlobalId
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class GlobalId
	Inherits ExpandableObjectConverter
	Implements IGlobalId
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  GlobalId</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Derived</strong></td><td><a href="4c79fefd-c14e-b4de-83fa-875e4578a143.md">Krypton.Navigator.DragViewController</a><br /><a href="2dbea9dd-6ba1-0edd-ccc7-b69e6b466d38.md">Krypton.Toolkit.AccurateText</a><br /><a href="fa26df91-14f8-144f-c902-ef2fc2e0cb1b.md">Krypton.Toolkit.AccurateTextMemento</a><br /><a href="26e6a38f-fc3e-9aec-04ae-2d22cfc00fa4.md">Krypton.Toolkit.AntiAlias</a><br /><a href="97df2554-2221-38c8-3cdd-bb9f903461bc.md">Krypton.Toolkit.AntiAliasNone</a><br /><a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">Krypton.Toolkit.ButtonController</a><br /><a href="b2d666e2-6a3d-ffbf-f115-af56bd76b9f0.md">Krypton.Toolkit.ButtonSpecCollectionBase</a><br /><a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">Krypton.Toolkit.ButtonSpecManagerBase</a><br /><a href="9a222c32-a4d2-48e6-a2be-4422a28fac88.md">Krypton.Toolkit.ButtonSpecView</a><br /><a href="1a0be75c-6aa5-b592-22f8-c2bed956cc3c.md">Krypton.Toolkit.ButtonStyleStrings</a><br /><a href="c76ee309-fc75-8e07-e21e-d0575debda67.md">Krypton.Toolkit.CheckBoxController</a><br /><a href="1a71d977-1440-2c5d-9888-20ea7ea0c26c.md">Krypton.Toolkit.Clipping</a><br /><a href="b66a0ac4-4664-b298-bc0e-588a48410dbf.md">Krypton.Toolkit.ContextMenuController</a><br /><a href="6e688c10-4546-7802-1640-1574c46e3de8.md">Krypton.Toolkit.CustomToolkitStrings</a><br /><a href="96904b0c-bd86-baa5-a14b-faeecec829c4.md">Krypton.Toolkit.DataGridViewStyleStrings</a><br /><a href="4ed471cd-a736-479b-d2d8-3777bd80ca33.md">Krypton.Toolkit.GeneralToolkitStrings</a><br /><a href="bf928b73-6875-1afb-de07-508ec554c744.md">Krypton.Toolkit.GlobalColorStrings</a><br /><a href="3969e05b-3892-83c9-bc15-cbfcb431dabc.md">Krypton.Toolkit.GlobalStrings</a><br /><a href="12e1f7d2-0ad9-4ff1-df8c-d895aed282ce.md">Krypton.Toolkit.GraphicsHint</a><br /><a href="4b829168-b7b4-bfed-063a-25c6c3eeb957.md">Krypton.Toolkit.GraphicsTextHint</a><br /><a href="0076a617-f7f2-a916-844b-f1402b1e4635.md">Krypton.Toolkit.GridStyleStrings</a><br /><a href="958801e3-75f2-42c2-88fd-d71e0e04ac04.md">Krypton.Toolkit.HeaderGroupCollapsedTargetStrings</a><br /><a href="44b21ee9-b109-88d1-6a30-9a69b11ef66f.md">Krypton.Toolkit.HeaderStyleStrings</a><br /><a href="eba275f4-8f5d-198f-c484-828d76f15c9e.md">Krypton.Toolkit.InputControlStyleStrings</a><br /><a href="56a47905-0737-1f76-a997-ac3fcdba723a.md">Krypton.Toolkit.IntegratedToolBarButtonValues</a><br /><a href="89ff486c-fa4a-526a-6874-de1c8b082ecd.md">Krypton.Toolkit.IntegratedToolBarCommandValues</a><br /><a href="76a5fa9c-c00e-516d-cc0a-256c4c05730c.md">Krypton.Toolkit.IntegratedToolBarStrings</a><br /><a href="29b4a6b6-bb20-74e9-24ee-e5df72cf9cd1.md">Krypton.Toolkit.IntegratedToolBarValues</a><br /><a href="f6a42988-0778-dffb-631c-fb6f7f2d24df.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonLinkBehaviorStrings</a><br /><a href="43e9d787-2f40-4893-2722-91810c8ff369.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonMiscellaneousThemeStrings</a><br /><a href="6cb7b1e8-b643-76ad-5c0a-82c001af0705.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonScrollBarStrings</a><br /><a href="5ed1d15c-fb09-545a-1e73-5f1fbfed8295.md">Krypton.Toolkit.LabelStyleStrings</a><br /><a href="ea1542bd-3701-733a-1aae-4563bf322263.md">Krypton.Toolkit.LinkLabelController</a><br /><a href="a7f8d630-8e5a-d3bf-b4de-4c89f8b5058b.md">Krypton.Toolkit.MonthCalendarController</a><br /><a href="d6957f99-886c-46c2-1fd2-d1be6fd24eba.md">Krypton.Toolkit.PaletteBackInherit</a><br /><a href="bd28134b-8510-c4fa-373f-ae97f3e0c76c.md">Krypton.Toolkit.PaletteBackStyleStrings</a><br /><a href="57c9d957-13ae-5f76-7265-9dab218e0f72.md">Krypton.Toolkit.PaletteBorderInherit</a><br /><a href="76feccac-0787-4e1e-598f-1a7eadd17fc5.md">Krypton.Toolkit.PaletteBorderStyleStrings</a><br /><a href="b4c30d12-f975-fbb3-bdf9-3d148af67634.md">Krypton.Toolkit.PaletteButtonOrientationStrings</a><br /><a href="00209b0a-78a6-1a4f-1b7b-7f9229b35487.md">Krypton.Toolkit.PaletteButtonSpecStyleStrings</a><br /><a href="e544ce24-f44a-8b52-b379-2eef84968511.md">Krypton.Toolkit.PaletteButtonStyleStrings</a><br /><a href="b670fe87-921c-063a-c72b-2402d16c67df.md">Krypton.Toolkit.PaletteContentInherit</a><br /><a href="c9f79244-3372-6b13-5a34-3c9d3998c832.md">Krypton.Toolkit.PaletteContentStyleStrings</a><br /><a href="5afa7503-e94a-ae03-f192-a6a4cf51c6b0.md">Krypton.Toolkit.PaletteDoubleOverride</a><br /><a href="1464017e-d364-2cf3-d568-1c4ac1fa302a.md">Krypton.Toolkit.PaletteElementColorInherit</a><br /><a href="9c34fc04-8956-1b52-1987-14c04a9e2d74.md">Krypton.Toolkit.PaletteImageEffectStrings</a><br /><a href="c3961ef2-8b5d-fd45-18a2-ffa861fa9cd0.md">Krypton.Toolkit.PaletteImageStyleStrings</a><br /><a href="574b814b-e541-bdff-7c48-5b02de0544f5.md">Krypton.Toolkit.PaletteModeStrings</a><br /><a href="8394d3d1-f23f-f248-b774-e9ae4a501b2d.md">Krypton.Toolkit.PaletteNodeOverride</a><br /><a href="41ace001-01ce-b9e2-5e6e-a649b6710a7d.md">Krypton.Toolkit.PaletteRibbonBackInherit</a><br /><a href="5083d671-54f6-4535-507b-27d820678edf.md">Krypton.Toolkit.PaletteRibbonDoubleInherit</a><br /><a href="dae6eb0d-6733-a7e6-229c-8bff348bb07a.md">Krypton.Toolkit.PaletteRibbonGeneralInherit</a><br /><a href="fe768766-6c1b-ce95-d906-9533e1d1433d.md">Krypton.Toolkit.PaletteRibbonTextInherit</a><br /><a href="f55e3845-4340-a602-aa48-4ab4c67bbb05.md">Krypton.Toolkit.PaletteTextTrimStrings</a><br /><a href="2a91cef2-a220-01ba-43bf-6a24e3031e13.md">Krypton.Toolkit.PaletteTrackBarPositionStatesOverride</a><br /><a href="ed0f0da2-127e-fa49-3925-25a19bb935cd.md">Krypton.Toolkit.PaletteTrackBarStatesOverride</a><br /><a href="581cb2f8-43fa-e480-0682-04a543909da2.md">Krypton.Toolkit.PaletteTripleOverride</a><br /><a href="91171f3f-c342-df54-9590-08d5d1d3083a.md">Krypton.Toolkit.PlacementModeStrings</a><br /><a href="9af6af42-7864-e9dc-4885-f2e2d6356652.md">Krypton.Toolkit.SeparatorStyleStrings</a><br /><a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Krypton.Toolkit.Storage</a><br /><a href="686f4c78-ff54-9a69-65ab-11ed7f1d8c9a.md">Krypton.Toolkit.TabBorderStyleStrings</a><br /><a href="a011f0be-b69c-efd2-cdc2-b012af14bce3.md">Krypton.Toolkit.TabStyleStrings</a><br /><a href="710fe7a0-7c26-5394-6bc9-1f779107998d.md">Krypton.Toolkit.ToolTipController</a><br /><a href="ecff4d4b-3cf0-72fb-a2a8-a650b8292a27.md">Krypton.Toolkit.TrackBarController</a><br /><a href="934f8732-d25d-32a4-c44c-34ff103bdb87.md">Krypton.Toolkit.TrackPositionController</a><br /><a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">Krypton.Toolkit.ViewBase</a><br /><a href="ed48663c-5842-51d4-9c11-490570023d3d.md">Krypton.Toolkit.ViewContext</a><br /><a href="3760acae-8ec5-3ca7-2132-35bf556b0fbb.md">Krypton.Toolkit.ViewManager</a></td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td><a href="5b49aa49-ff57-8c9e-18f0-bd89fdf385aa.md">IGlobalId</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="d34f3a14-d3fb-e6d5-acc2-e5861d563b48.md">GlobalId</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the GlobalId class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
