# PaletteDragFeedback Class


Specifies how drag feedback is presented.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public sealed class PaletteDragFeedback : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public NotInheritable Class PaletteDragFeedback
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  PaletteDragFeedback</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="7a0ef6e7-24cb-ef57-d70d-e3ee222e5272.md">Block</a></td>
<td>Draw drag drop feedback as just blocks that are highlighted based on hot areas.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3476d331-6b7f-e37f-b2d2-91d774557ce5.md">Inherit</a></td>
<td>Draw drag drop feedback using the inherited value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6523e070-3831-6aaf-07eb-111ce6f231d4.md">Rounded</a></td>
<td>Draw drag drop feedback as rounded indicators.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d71a9107-e89f-8e0a-4d03-9e96441b2dab.md">Square</a></td>
<td>Draw drag drop feedback as square indicators.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="988bc568-e413-8895-b51f-c90b83c97a28.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
