# ButtonSpecManagerLayoutAppButton Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="f442c204-38ce-9e3f-8174-cb408343b390.md">AddSpacersToDocker</a></td>
<td>Add the spacing views into the indexed docker.<br />(Inherited from <a href="27715b81-3fae-b75a-0ea5-8f9716ed7922.md">ButtonSpecManagerLayout</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="48ad8828-7e52-72d5-05ec-3e19cd1c20dc.md">AddViewToDocker</a></td>
<td>Add a view element to a docker.<br />(Inherited from <a href="27715b81-3fae-b75a-0ea5-8f9716ed7922.md">ButtonSpecManagerLayout</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="502c4aba-500f-1b2b-6d83-5dd42ea89e26.md">ButtonSpecCreated</a></td>
<td>Perform final steps now that the button spec has been created.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b8f97cea-8ca3-f7f8-1043-646e8dae0d59.md">ButtonSpecFromView</a></td>
<td>Gets the ButtonSpec associated with the provided view element.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="33253526-4353-e4b1-1069-79f032e3bc6c.md">Construct</a></td>
<td>Perform once only construction.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8766b6a3-7851-c50d-6088-73fd700f6761.md">CreateButtonSpecRemap</a></td>
<td>Create a palette redirector for remapping button spec colors.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5c0e88ab-a34e-e1bd-41e3-cb756d90b304.md">CreateButtonSpecView</a></td>
<td>Create the button spec view appropriate for the button spec.<br />(Overrides <a href="99696855-0b18-7429-dfcd-29794476535c.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase.CreateButtonSpecView(PaletteRedirect, IPaletteMetric, PaletteMetricPadding, ButtonSpec)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6c729f8a-b6d6-f7c2-8c92-a9a77021c32c.md">DesignerGetHitTest</a></td>
<td>Is the provided over a part of the view that wants the mouse.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="483963cd-99eb-29eb-8e59-68702131d149.md">Destruct</a></td>
<td>Destruct the previously created views.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e6a23b33-45fb-9e0a-95dc-70e1db0fe843.md">DockerIndex</a></td>
<td>Gets the index of the provided docker.<br />(Inherited from <a href="27715b81-3fae-b75a-0ea5-8f9716ed7922.md">ButtonSpecManagerLayout</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="04534c09-b995-76ed-6318-370a32c562b4.md">DockerOrientation</a></td>
<td>Gets the orientation of the docker at the specified index.<br />(Inherited from <a href="27715b81-3fae-b75a-0ea5-8f9716ed7922.md">ButtonSpecManagerLayout</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="434e8a70-620e-fb77-79e6-53b643a14053.md">GetButtonRectangle</a></td>
<td>Get the display rectangle of the provided button.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0ed9d26b-f9ee-8b74-12e6-8e872b5388d3.md">GetButtonSpecFromView</a></td>
<td>Find the ButtonSpec definition associated with the provided button view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="40b79799-60af-173e-2b8a-f8e0762ded60.md">GetDockerForeground</a></td>
<td>Gets the element that represents the foreground color.<br />(Inherited from <a href="27715b81-3fae-b75a-0ea5-8f9716ed7922.md">ButtonSpecManagerLayout</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1db4cf9a-ad0f-4a70-51ff-62f0b869500c.md">GetFirstVisibleViewButton</a></td>
<td>Gets the view for the first visible and enabled button spec of the defined edge.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="abc5d6c7-1241-1dc1-4af9-ca21d3a410c3.md">GetLastVisibleViewButton</a></td>
<td>Gets the view for the last visible and enabled button spec of the defined edge.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7b4387af-432d-40f6-60e6-d3bdffd36e22.md">GetNextVisibleViewButton</a></td>
<td>Gets the view for the next visible and enabled button spec of the defined edge.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d4d53cd9-b50c-8c18-8414-10a86e1c3ec7.md">GetPreviousVisibleViewButton</a></td>
<td>Gets the view for the previous visible and enabled button spec of the defined edge.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dc0181c7-e252-0290-705a-cfe8366b44cb.md">IndexDocker</a></td>
<td>Gets the docker at the specified index.<br />(Inherited from <a href="27715b81-3fae-b75a-0ea5-8f9716ed7922.md">ButtonSpecManagerLayout</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bed5e279-ae1c-4b28-5118-ff3284d08426.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6c1669c4-7110-21a9-5644-50a5514df556.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Requests a repaint and optional layout be performed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7befcb69-40f8-2fcc-357e-a611c07ef330.md">PerformNeedPaint(Object, Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Requests a repaint and optional layout be performed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ed2e1d9c-da4b-abe6-4c4e-399b75ab0bee.md">ProcessMnemonic</a></td>
<td>Processes a mnemonic character.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="66752152-cabe-79ae-8dc0-95723e70b383.md">RecreateButtons</a></td>
<td>Requests that all the buttons be recreated.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4b9f25e2-8db4-876a-dee8-9e5837e67530.md">RefreshButtons()</a></td>
<td>Requests that all the buttons have state refreshed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="97d75dd7-fbd6-3322-78f3-2e5b2b5e6650.md">RefreshButtons(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Requests that all the buttons have state refreshed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a9d7f42e-016b-e918-3dda-a303e9604794.md">RenderToolStrip</a></td>
<td>Get a tool strip renderer appropriate for the hosting control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="484b0eb0-1ab4-f869-eea9-1ae2878b8071.md">SetDockerMetrics(ViewBase, IPaletteMetric)</a></td>
<td>Update the palette for a specified docker view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="77211813-d26f-87c3-7165-4205719d2162.md">SetDockerMetrics(ViewBase, IPaletteMetric, PaletteMetricInt, PaletteMetricPadding)</a></td>
<td>Update the metric details for a specified docker view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="144ff6cf-1b90-8f91-5d2f-e5ae803559b0.md">ButtonSpecManagerBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="236bd8e3-862c-184f-e0ac-672427243853.md">ButtonSpecManagerLayoutAppButton Class</a>  
<a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon Namespace</a>  
