# KryptonContextMenuItemCollectionEditor Class


CollectionEditor used for a KryptonContextMenuItemCollection instance.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonContextMenuItemCollectionEditor : CollectionEditor
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonContextMenuItemCollectionEditor
	Inherits CollectionEditor
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  UITypeEditor  →  CollectionEditor  →  KryptonContextMenuItemCollectionEditor</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="87894b47-e85f-cae3-401c-ba37a7732417.md">KryptonContextMenuItemCollectionEditor</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonContextMenuItemCollectionEditor class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>CollectionItemType</td>
<td>Gets the data type of each item in the collection.<br />(Inherited from CollectionEditor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CollectionType</td>
<td>Gets the data type of the collection object.<br />(Inherited from CollectionEditor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Context</td>
<td>Gets a type descriptor that indicates the current context.<br />(Inherited from CollectionEditor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HelpTopic</td>
<td>Gets the Help keyword to display the Help topic or topic list for when the editor's dialog box Help button or the F1 key is pressed.<br />(Inherited from CollectionEditor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDropDownResizable</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether drop-down editors should be resizable by the user.<br />(Inherited from UITypeEditor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NewItemTypes</td>
<td>Gets the available types of items that can be created for this collection.<br />(Inherited from CollectionEditor)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CancelChanges</td>
<td>Cancels changes to the collection.<br />(Inherited from CollectionEditor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRemoveInstance</td>
<td>Indicates whether original members of the collection can be removed.<br />(Inherited from CollectionEditor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelectMultipleInstances</td>
<td>Indicates whether multiple collection items can be selected at once.<br />(Inherited from CollectionEditor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateCollectionForm</td>
<td>Creates a new form to display and edit the current collection.<br />(Inherited from CollectionEditor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateCollectionItemType</td>
<td>Gets the data type that this collection contains.<br />(Inherited from CollectionEditor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance</td>
<td>Creates a new instance of the specified collection item type.<br />(Inherited from CollectionEditor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e7a5c901-e384-8882-be20-b512ab22cfcf.md">CreateNewItemTypes</a></td>
<td>Gets the data types that this collection editor can contain.<br />(Overrides CollectionEditor.CreateNewItemTypes())</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DestroyInstance</td>
<td>Destroys the specified instance of the object.<br />(Inherited from CollectionEditor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EditValue(IServiceProvider, Object)</td>
<td>Edits the value of the specified object using the editor style indicated by the GetEditStyle() method.<br />(Inherited from UITypeEditor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EditValue(ITypeDescriptorContext, IServiceProvider, Object)</td>
<td>Edits the value of the specified object using the specified service provider and context.<br />(Inherited from CollectionEditor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetDisplayText</td>
<td>Retrieves the display text for the given list item.<br />(Inherited from CollectionEditor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetEditStyle()</td>
<td>Gets the editor style used by the EditValue(IServiceProvider, Object) method.<br />(Inherited from UITypeEditor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetEditStyle(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets the edit style used by the  method.<br />(Inherited from CollectionEditor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetItems</td>
<td>Gets an array of objects containing the specified collection.<br />(Inherited from CollectionEditor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetObjectsFromInstance</td>
<td>Returns a list containing the given object.<br />(Inherited from CollectionEditor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPaintValueSupported()</td>
<td>Indicates whether this editor supports painting a representation of an object's value.<br />(Inherited from UITypeEditor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPaintValueSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Indicates whether the specified context supports painting a representation of an object's value within the specified context.<br />(Inherited from UITypeEditor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Gets the requested service, if it is available.<br />(Inherited from CollectionEditor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PaintValue(PaintValueEventArgs)</td>
<td>Paints a representation of the value of an object using the specified PaintValueEventArgs.<br />(Inherited from UITypeEditor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PaintValue(Object, Graphics, Rectangle)</td>
<td>Paints a representation of the value of the specified object to the specified canvas.<br />(Inherited from UITypeEditor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetItems</td>
<td>Sets the specified array as the items of the collection.<br />(Inherited from CollectionEditor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowHelp</td>
<td>Displays the default Help topic for the collection editor.<br />(Inherited from CollectionEditor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
