# KryptonContextMenuColorColumns Class


Provide a set of color columns for the context menu.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonContextMenuColorColumns : KryptonContextMenuItemBase
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonContextMenuColorColumns
	Inherits KryptonContextMenuItemBase
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>  →  KryptonContextMenuColorColumns</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="d55f2e40-9dcb-dbc4-e9b9-8e96bda51185.md">KryptonContextMenuColorColumns()</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonContextMenuColorColumns class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8c0a2b4b-c836-9cdd-4b5f-3be03ff6419a.md">KryptonContextMenuColorColumns(ColorScheme)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonContextMenuColorColumns class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="33e294e5-d17f-a070-f9fe-5c5e8f81c632.md">AutoClose</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if clicking a color entry automatically closes the context menu.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="55df6273-2ac1-47be-4809-86125477ff48.md">BlockSize</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the size of each color block.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the component can raise an event.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8744990f-dccd-0505-a759-b7d7bf341339.md">ColorScheme</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the required color scheme.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3419cb25-f33c-4f29-073b-5693920f49b6.md">GroupNonFirstRows</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if all but the first row should be group together.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fa8b960d-511d-f876-2b4e-fd99169bd05d.md">SelectedColor</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the user selected color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ISite of the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4ca54ae1-2f96-5bce-ffd0-420b8c0c9113.md">Tag</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets user-defined data associated with the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e2db60c0-a28d-f7ef-1290-98ef541699f9.md">ToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ToolTipValues content.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="222ce9e0-7672-2989-1f3d-56ab63d1e070.md">Visible</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the item is visible in the context menu.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="0a7fa3c8-7761-6650-615e-41f427653f67.md">ContainsColor</a></td>
<td>Does the provided color exist in the definition.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ce69f7e1-d207-4c3a-2666-0e4a9c52c1cf.md">GenerateView</a></td>
<td>Returns a view appropriate for this item based on the object it is inside.<br />(Overrides <a href="4ff50a92-e0d0-944c-4542-c1dfe1101a0b.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase.GenerateView(IContextMenuProvider, Object, ViewLayoutStack, Boolean, Boolean)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="313c6727-c18d-a9a3-5fb5-e592eb5e4516.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a0a072a2-b115-359c-f4bb-f335c32909b4.md">OnSelectedColorChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the SelectedColorChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0493ef13-8c03-5b4b-aca9-9ed23ff0e858.md">OnToolTipNeeded</a></td>
<td>Raises the ToolTipNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="18ac7621-375c-b21f-7579-2b403244cd34.md">OnTrackingColor</a></td>
<td>Raises the TrackingColor event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e5f370f0-4349-7158-76e7-8f8e8869bbc0.md">ProcessShortcut</a></td>
<td>Test for the provided shortcut and perform relevant action if a match is found.<br />(Overrides <a href="1290fb0d-f07b-010e-f79d-c7e1a108ac56.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase.ProcessShortcut(Keys)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="46907c04-f166-ac3c-11f3-65f5be172eef.md">ResetToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipValues property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0115822c-e446-55c4-9c61-88aae1702e89.md">SetCustomColors</a></td>
<td>Define a custom set of colors for display.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0521a0d8-1e6f-2b61-1562-4a80a8e07992.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a description of the instance.<br />(Overrides Component.ToString())</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5f9b6f70-f6ff-e88d-acfd-f88d1130586b.md">PropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when a property has changed value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="21cead2e-0839-8d25-8df6-36f6e9ff309b.md">SelectedColorChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the SelectedColor property changes value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19756262-2a00-26bd-456c-0f5ee895e24a.md">ToolTipNeeded</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the <a href="19269e57-f7e7-326d-c5b4-f602bf32208b.md">KryptonContextMenuItem</a> wants to display a tooltip.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ea9a4001-822f-9499-64a1-b6aa2f84a8b7.md">TrackingColor</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the user is tracking over a color.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
