# SeparatorController Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="594bd570-576b-f3b6-8448-cc93662a8387.md">AbortMoving</a></td>
<td>Request that the separator abort moving.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63ad28e6-674c-ab43-77f9-9a1c3b130d16.md">ClearDragRect</a></td>
<td>Reset the dragging rect to prevent any dragging starting.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="873978ee-655f-5a83-1026-3cbec9b01ada.md">Dispose</a></td>
<td>Dispose of object resources.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4fd5b852-2037-0d65-5c70-e4560445a61b.md">DoubleClick</a></td>
<td>Left mouse button double click.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dbbe479f-d56b-a486-7d1d-0455ac917208.md">DrawSeparatorRemoved</a></td>
<td>Remove drawing of any splitter.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="354f81b6-6abc-ac1c-939f-6b0a56e1d242.md">DrawSeparatorReposition</a></td>
<td>Redraw the splitter in the new position.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81aa9064-1fb9-9276-814e-e36b2dfa2e42.md">DrawSeparatorStarting</a></td>
<td>Draw the initial separator position.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f434e265-b1a5-edc7-f590-97ab4ab091c1.md">GotFocus</a></td>
<td>Source control has lost the focus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4f869e70-ee75-1d47-7c79-6b59dca568b5.md">KeyDown</a></td>
<td>Key has been pressed down.<br />(Overrides <a href="ec2b09dd-034a-b733-2e51-50bf9d18a55b.md">ButtonController.KeyDown(Control, KeyEventArgs)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="731ab80a-a254-1947-3bb1-76ba19dba376.md">KeyPress</a></td>
<td>Key has been pressed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="29591aac-332c-0f56-615f-b1695c582c79.md">KeyUp</a></td>
<td>Key has been released.<br />(Overrides <a href="5f26c38b-308f-e6b6-cc0b-cbc5a60e5ebe.md">ButtonController.KeyUp(Control, KeyEventArgs)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="14d336db-b705-5ac0-6063-ea0050b5d16b.md">LostFocus</a></td>
<td>Source control has lost the focus.<br />(Overrides <a href="76a29efe-334d-d138-638a-58b53b26d853.md">ButtonController.LostFocus(Control)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bfd26a21-f897-536d-8766-89d71ae28b14.md">MouseDown</a></td>
<td>Mouse button has been pressed in the view.<br />(Overrides <a href="5c6256e2-e7b1-31fc-d3e3-ee5dc9e553b5.md">ButtonController.MouseDown(Control, Point, MouseButtons)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="86f65667-f252-e757-6b6e-93cfc60e00e6.md">MouseEnter</a></td>
<td>Mouse has entered the view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="58359a3e-b1f8-b8a8-6400-0d68342ae085.md">MouseLeave</a></td>
<td>Mouse has left the view.<br />(Overrides <a href="d7488298-c899-1aca-554a-c4d515e4fbd4.md">ButtonController.MouseLeave(Control, ViewBase)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8e39ecdd-7412-74f7-af7a-8bb7b3fce6ba.md">MouseMove</a></td>
<td>Mouse has moved inside the view.<br />(Overrides <a href="f9d65d91-5cee-767e-548d-39eec10232a6.md">ButtonController.MouseMove(Control, Point)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="02707616-524a-60f2-8f44-13f96ef02928.md">MouseUp</a></td>
<td>Mouse button has been released in the view.<br />(Overrides <a href="ee712fcf-8343-fe4a-85a6-ad3bbfd6fdca.md">ButtonController.MouseUp(Control, Point, MouseButtons)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="20987cf1-ed72-a306-3f8d-cfc46b1d5a58.md">OnButtonDragOffset</a></td>
<td>Raises the ButtonDragOffset event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6d1f56c1-6eba-4d17-e8f7-f8d9eecdb597.md">OnButtonDragRectangle</a></td>
<td>Raises the ButtonDragRectangle event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="958c2602-9b38-e22b-13b5-7e2144595322.md">OnClick</a></td>
<td>Raises the Click event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4942c871-71ff-4338-845a-808c15f600cc.md">OnDragEnd</a></td>
<td>Raises the DragEnd event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ef1cb8dc-3d47-9912-cfd1-d6783a315487.md">OnDragMove</a></td>
<td>Raises the DragMove event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="07685598-90ab-13b1-a9c7-caa614797897.md">OnDragQuit</a></td>
<td>Raises the DragQuit event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="760b46e0-d8ee-69e5-f80c-b3f5c05a1ef4.md">OnDragStart</a></td>
<td>Raises the DragStart event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="df2b4637-0ff0-ddc1-3b15-8a7e78a0a0a3.md">OnMouseSelect</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseSelect event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1a32b3a8-7009-7e36-624f-15377c97f6a3.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="005f99f4-ddff-7844-acfc-942d05712268.md">OnRightClick</a></td>
<td>Raises the RightClick event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="da03ee27-a04e-9e8b-d991-bdbfd492132f.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b3d34401-5897-7cf0-d6f9-c2edae2d6cb4.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4d9ff849-06ac-a2c5-b95b-179f27b7d7bf.md">RemoveFixed</a></td>
<td>Remove the fixed pressed mode.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9cc4805c-1265-fbf1-b321-d59f84e5da74.md">UpdateTargetState(Control)</a></td>
<td>Set the correct visual state of the target.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2a8fef9a-32d2-953a-d137-5c475e1861dc.md">UpdateTargetState(Point)</a></td>
<td>Set the correct visual state of the target.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bfe82c75-af96-fb64-5b28-c297009f5496.md">ViewIsPartOfButton</a></td>
<td>Discovers if the provided view is part of the button.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="dc03d539-ef25-dbf0-7831-742483d200d7.md">SeparatorController Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
