# KryptonColorTable2010 Class


Provide KryptonColorTable2010 values using an array of Color values as the source.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonColorTable2010 : KryptonColorTable
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonColorTable2010
	Inherits KryptonColorTable
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ProfessionalColorTable  →  <a href="dea02866-c4bb-a4a9-94c0-3c39ed614761.md">KryptonColorTable</a>  →  KryptonColorTable2010</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="45bab7fd-ab91-105a-08c8-e37143a70a70.md">KryptonColorTable2010</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonColorTable2010 class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="19d6862e-e9fc-d675-95c5-a645a5195052.md">ButtonCheckedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the background starting color for a checked button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cb54f9ce-0910-a6e4-f8af-4c8868d66509.md">ButtonCheckedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the background ending color for a checked button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fc884ad1-18c7-49f1-39f4-5460111d5a15.md">ButtonCheckedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background middle color for a checked button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d82bdb2b-7d3e-6ff8-babf-dedb3578de36.md">ButtonCheckedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight background for a checked button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedHighlight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="53683567-bec1-bd76-5499-9baa1bcd0378.md">ButtonCheckedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight border for a checked button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedHighlightBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a95a5dfa-d5f0-1f43-9743-c3fa801f3ddb.md">ButtonPressedBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color for a button being pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4b27e42c-fe4f-566f-bd0d-7d36ba624a70.md">ButtonPressedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the background starting color for a button being pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="77d80a14-9369-3116-20b7-9b0cb498ce2a.md">ButtonPressedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the background ending color for a button being pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="80fc4b36-8221-dd27-31ad-ba85933636f0.md">ButtonPressedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background middle color for a button being pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19a71d6a-6bd5-0437-d2e4-c750c5ff11f2.md">ButtonPressedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight background for a pressed button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedHighlight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bdf5e6e5-2343-bdac-060b-9b3aca12957a.md">ButtonPressedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight border for a pressed button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedHighlightBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3d15ffbd-384a-3e53-117f-5e8556833691.md">ButtonSelectedBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color for a button being selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1fa90b1a-cf2e-f5e5-eb44-16a32eafbbbe.md">ButtonSelectedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the background starting color for a button being selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6ab505e8-0cb8-0277-fa86-dd024126a479.md">ButtonSelectedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the background ending color for a button being selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a1c3548b-0c72-b933-00af-045a4a2bdd4a.md">ButtonSelectedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background middle color for a button being selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="df792604-8631-c028-a72e-64d7e96fa8f5.md">ButtonSelectedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight background for a selected button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedHighlight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1e71d767-c559-1454-0a02-f27c1d2ea400.md">ButtonSelectedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight border for a selected button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedHighlightBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6358e374-1ca6-6515-0167-1b1e12140f95.md">CheckBackground</a></td>
<td>Get background of the check mark area.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.CheckBackground)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6a8d4b44-f312-7b3d-5b23-c651bc751f26.md">CheckPressedBackground</a></td>
<td>Get background of a pressed check mark area.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.CheckPressedBackground)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41f85df6-da11-a2ad-e49b-71077ac2ab89.md">CheckSelectedBackground</a></td>
<td>Get background of a selected check mark area.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.CheckSelectedBackground)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="612f5466-a117-decc-cbf4-3a8a853af9b8.md">Colors</a></td>
<td>Gets the raw set of colors.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="88abe177-1710-5be5-f99f-c791b64ae076.md">GripDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the dark color used to draw grips.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.GripDark)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="303d4706-4c64-77e7-eb59-58321ad72ee2.md">GripLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the light color used to draw grips.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.GripLight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="11e9c128-e60e-25c3-d1e5-757492d833ab.md">ImageMarginGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color for the context menu margin.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="624df837-be97-212f-7eff-7c2d3528e986.md">ImageMarginGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the ending color for the context menu margin.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="58ec853e-c7ac-39d3-8c71-426721fd09be.md">ImageMarginGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color for the context menu margin.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c3853745-5c90-e070-18a4-32405a8c8cd2.md">ImageMarginRevealedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color for the context menu margin revealed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginRevealedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41392491-a87a-10bf-cee8-521ad8c976af.md">ImageMarginRevealedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the ending color for the context menu margin revealed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginRevealedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5160f8ec-3edd-89f0-91d2-4e12171494c3.md">ImageMarginRevealedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color for the context menu margin revealed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginRevealedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="549a11f8-ffd7-1d40-a97e-591aa7d11725.md">MenuBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the color of the border around menus.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b13af7ef-2bef-a243-871c-de4e0695aa3f.md">MenuItemBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color for around the menu item.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b6591f7a-35d0-4b65-7b8c-2e234eeec767.md">MenuItemPressedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed down.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemPressedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d9ade9ae-7c34-6107-8bc8-93c78e426159.md">MenuItemPressedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed down.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemPressedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="59de47a7-1e16-c76a-e209-53ce6d5384c6.md">MenuItemPressedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed down.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemPressedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7d3a9be5-456a-fe73-c7dc-52e5c4eda437.md">MenuItemSelected</a></td>
<td>Gets the color of a selected menu item.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemSelected)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4473121c-0afa-a807-97e7-f44dee28cfd0.md">MenuItemSelectedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used when the ToolStripMenuItem is selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemSelectedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="55eef3f4-656b-1305-3887-8cdd12da560e.md">MenuItemSelectedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used when the ToolStripMenuItem is selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemSelectedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2afc2cbd-69e0-26f6-0070-9092a3ede1f9.md">MenuItemText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the menu items.<br />(Overrides <a href="bf5ef5b1-9be2-555a-03e6-f3a4f8cbfdcc.md">KryptonColorTable.MenuItemText</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a36063b7-f0ed-262c-f424-fc5015981fb3.md">MenuStripFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font used on the menu strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="b6ef872c-406f-7471-482e-2ec54dce7743.md">KryptonColorTable.MenuStripFont</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3c15dd29-7e06-c698-8656-3335e53fcb9a.md">MenuStripGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the MenuStrip.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuStripGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1bd85e7b-486a-4e4e-3988-12ed7395e9bd.md">MenuStripGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the MenuStrip.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuStripGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7cf494b5-784d-4cfe-04c7-31fdfb181957.md">MenuStripText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the menu strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="a1a476de-b35c-977c-1f23-fef0e03abc48.md">KryptonColorTable.MenuStripText</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="26ca2013-bc5f-5b46-8fc4-b2cd1773243c.md">OverflowButtonGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.OverflowButtonGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d20eac03-c98c-cbdd-000b-d216b185ec08.md">OverflowButtonGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.OverflowButtonGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8e350980-32fa-ead8-a822-d994526733ff.md">OverflowButtonGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.OverflowButtonGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5402a30e-107d-4479-d1f2-397262be6b24.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets the associated palette instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="dea02866-c4bb-a4a9-94c0-3c39ed614761.md">KryptonColorTable</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3f287f82-b15d-5b18-28f8-ed635e0efc79.md">RaftingContainerGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripContainer.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.RaftingContainerGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4a8c7bad-217c-89a3-c6c4-1447f8b4f0a7.md">RaftingContainerGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripContainer.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.RaftingContainerGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7c621856-060c-ef6f-2fe8-ee8b89dc7071.md">SeparatorDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the dark separator color.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.SeparatorDark)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="59372530-78ff-eb0d-0210-e48e177ff180.md">SeparatorLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the light separator color.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.SeparatorLight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StatusStripBorder</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="69239b00-3530-b75c-f4f5-d31d41fd8404.md">StatusStripFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font used on the status strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="9ebed260-f09c-e4cb-fe1f-c316142558e7.md">KryptonColorTable.StatusStripFont</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="829c8828-5b03-0459-7963-8169c86b3867.md">StatusStripGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color for the status strip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.StatusStripGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a9f319f8-14a3-216c-dae2-963618b8c4ad.md">StatusStripGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the ending color for the status strip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.StatusStripGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="93e4c02e-51f4-bc43-fae9-34f34079b094.md">StatusStripText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the status strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="01632758-e1ce-3543-6a11-29f340b923e5.md">KryptonColorTable.StatusStripText</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5018d9a4-7a9e-5f07-113b-299a5cedfccb.md">ToolStripBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color to use on the bottom edge of the ToolStrip.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="17e9ef72-c76a-fa8f-d627-077496a777b5.md">ToolStripContentPanelGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color for the content panel background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripContentPanelGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b7ffd180-eef9-fe7c-8a7a-0a9c245a0350.md">ToolStripContentPanelGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the ending color for the content panel background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripContentPanelGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="56432ad4-c016-5923-7464-229e0409722f.md">ToolStripDropDownBackground</a></td>
<td>Gets the background color for drop down menus.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripDropDownBackground)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9401e456-e27a-89e9-4a89-6ec4060c1a96.md">ToolStripFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font used on the tool strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="f4298298-46cc-e27b-a4cb-8add7f253083.md">KryptonColorTable.ToolStripFont</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4de9e56c-bd5f-1399-14b6-127be4eebe3c.md">ToolStripGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4dd7b0de-89e6-b67a-90d4-9a423cd5ad8b.md">ToolStripGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e6648122-a431-e694-7d99-31c25b105813.md">ToolStripGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3bff67d5-a253-b834-2166-554bd7a6f8e6.md">ToolStripPanelGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripPanel.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripPanelGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="88acbecf-bb6c-e76a-8edf-b725eed1b0d7.md">ToolStripPanelGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripPanel.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripPanelGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e49517e0-7cf9-cfbb-a84b-d775084505e9.md">ToolStripText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the tool strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="79d91581-1635-df06-699e-90c821c48509.md">KryptonColorTable.ToolStripText</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3b693d63-2f98-102b-6e10-02a20c57ebae.md">UseRoundedEdges</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if rounded egdes are required.<br />(Overrides <a href="16893f9b-41f9-0398-61d5-ab2e1a31331c.md">KryptonColorTable.UseRoundedEdges</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseSystemColors</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use SystemColors rather than colors that match the current visual style.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
