# MenuTreeNode Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>BeginEdit</td>
<td>Initiates the editing of the tree node label.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Clone</td>
<td>Copies the tree node and the entire subtree rooted at this tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Collapse()</td>
<td>Collapses the tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Collapse(Boolean)</td>
<td>Collapses the TreeNode and optionally collapses its children.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Deserialize</td>
<td>Loads the state of the TreeNode from the specified SerializationInfo.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EndEdit</td>
<td>Ends the editing of the tree node label.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EnsureVisible</td>
<td>Ensures that the tree node is visible, expanding tree nodes and scrolling the tree view control as necessary.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Expand</td>
<td>Expands the tree node.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ExpandAll</td>
<td>Expands all the child tree nodes.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetNodeCount</td>
<td>Returns the number of child tree nodes.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Remove</td>
<td>Removes the current tree node from the tree view control.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Serialize</td>
<td>Saves the state of the TreeNode to the specified SerializationInfo.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Toggle</td>
<td>Toggles the tree node to either the expanded or collapsed state.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from TreeNode)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="c8b1b636-479b-4080-763d-5939c0001b2b.md">KryptonContextMenuCollectionEditor.KryptonContextMenuCollectionForm.MenuTreeNode Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
