# ButtonOrientation Class


Specifies the orientation of a button specification.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public sealed class ButtonOrientation : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public NotInheritable Class ButtonOrientation
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  ButtonOrientation</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="ca1b98f2-b9ee-5bdf-cde6-aaa60b18e3cc.md">Auto</a></td>
<td>Specifies orientation should automatically match the concept of use.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5c159c59-9412-135f-ad37-df3c0ae44460.md">FixedBottom</a></td>
<td>Specifies the button is orientated in a vertical bottom upwards manner.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c145449e-a051-9234-8bda-46e8980ede06.md">FixedLeft</a></td>
<td>Specifies the button is orientated in a horizontal left to right manner.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5658406a-0d8e-3049-301b-75241d6ffb61.md">FixedRight</a></td>
<td>Specifies the button is orientated in a horizontal right to left manner.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0e78cc3d-970c-943e-fc0a-86b286df3999.md">FixedTop</a></td>
<td>Specifies the button is orientated in a vertical top down manner.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5f27f819-758b-96dd-57ab-80dbd612f451.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
