# KryptonAutoHiddenProxyPage Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can accept data that the user drags onto it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4a79da14-c971-4935-f564-72370ce497ad.md">AutoHiddenSlideSize</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the preferred size for the page when inside an auto hidden slide panel.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScroll</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the container enables the user to scroll to any controls placed outside of its visible boundaries.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollMargin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size of the auto-scroll margin.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollMinSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the minimum size of the auto-scroll.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollPosition</td>
<td>Gets or sets the location of the auto-scroll position.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8875aba6-bc45-ca37-4611-8f4d57224726.md">BackColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background color for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6466ec22-4514-ace7-0fea-b737c79488a7.md">BackgroundImage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9ada4c8e-6559-7da0-efa8-40af878813c1.md">BackgroundImageLayout</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image layout.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BorderStyle</td>
<td>Indicates the border style for the control.<br />(Inherited from Panel)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="869d4b87-1758-188f-3b47-e767f64671f1.md">ButtonSpecs</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of button specifications.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e7eada63-a540-6de0-ddb4-02ff44fc23c2.md">ContextMenuStrip</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the ContextMenuStrip associated with this control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Controls</td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateParams</td>
<td>Gets the required creation parameters when the control handle is created.<br />(Inherited from Panel)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4938c07a-3b07-b71c-048d-60d82735c9c9.md">DefaultSize</a></td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the virtual display area of the control.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="178ddf1a-6969-5f7b-64c2-acb595773be2.md">EvalInvokePaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to use Invoke to force a repaint.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="17e0977a-fcbe-31c4-fb72-2ca69409aa25.md">Flags</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the set of page flags.<br />(Overrides <a href="3d1a9080-af4c-1e14-5e15-803e1282d03b.md">KryptonPage.Flags</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focused</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a6dbc4c7-9726-f3ce-32d8-68a8e372f9f7.md">Font</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the font of the text displayed by the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5215b020-6f6a-6b71-c38b-fe3b082c1208.md">ForeColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the foreground color for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HorizontalScroll</td>
<td>Gets the characteristics associated with the horizontal scroll bar.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HScroll</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the horizontal scroll bar is visible.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8694f4c9-2c52-37c7-d052-9ae1eaa6c1eb.md">ImageLarge</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the large image for the page.<br />(Overrides <a href="6e828964-013c-99db-6dc4-a34d7c4c538d.md">KryptonPage.ImageLarge</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b64ebe4f-ef64-ae18-794c-9a619e6726a5.md">ImageMedium</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the medium image for the page.<br />(Overrides <a href="245bbdbe-6744-29a9-6e60-1cf4333d3c2d.md">KryptonPage.ImageMedium</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a64bee77-3947-b499-7de4-5dd0db1f7727.md">ImageSmall</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the small image for the page.<br />(Overrides <a href="b89c66ff-5887-5fba-8460-82f39dd6e910.md">KryptonPage.ImageSmall</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7de9bd56-2d2f-6d1d-c854-118be18b34f0.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the KryptonContextMenu to show when right clicked.<br />(Overrides <a href="36df9f71-b3ef-bcee-1ff6-a8752d5f10be.md">VisualPanel.KryptonContextMenu</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f38963ca-0d33-0220-be0a-91a23718eebb.md">KryptonParentContainer</a></td>
<td>Gets the Krypton control that is acting as the parent.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d3f76f97-f617-d7f5-fe91-7e7b1a9e5b39.md">LastVisibleSet</a></td>
<td>Gets the last value set to the Visible property.<br />(Overrides <a href="8dc92f52-d32e-72da-db35-28b3d80156f7.md">KryptonPage.LastVisibleSet</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the upper limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the lower limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e7c0b929-ecf9-b1e6-1cb5-6c4491f59554.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fa7d578f-3852-d1f2-c02a-791ce8f03a87.md">NeedTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if transparent paint is needed<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="27d0c572-0db3-4aea-15a7-c18828e3eb9c.md">OverrideFocus</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the focus page appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets padding within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4a7603b8-7e5b-9807-9642-b5a8255b00fd.md">Page</a></td>
<td>Gets a reference to the page for which this is a proxy.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bb0f8bad-869a-f774-031f-8a4422ed5b78.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e1f3cf8f-ad62-8fe4-45ec-ebdf0ce43667.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71f78b7b-4b33-fecf-fae5-43688c9f2068.md">Redirector</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the palette redirector.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c5a12159-5c3b-831b-ed7a-d45298d73d49.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="639330d4-9e5e-462a-a721-0964d285e1d5.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common page appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4c3810db-8722-d3d7-50bb-0179c7db37b6.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled page appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c3d2f830-7f33-6639-ccac-7e7c0b92a268.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal page appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a9490a1b-066e-6771-ed13-904f6ac6a681.md">StatePressed</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the pressed page appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c13e8fd5-3492-e3a9-320b-7c7075b816a4.md">StateSelected</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the selected page appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9c925676-ac58-72f1-1e75-7eca943a7d7e.md">StateTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the tracking page appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can give the focus to this control using the TAB key.<br />(Inherited from Panel)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="01c1f5aa-dc7d-2ae7-d44f-8f16aecf2755.md">Text</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the page text.<br />(Overrides <a href="9276f60e-a7b7-0703-3bb1-7488b5fa8b39.md">KryptonPage.Text</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dc78dbc8-235b-aaad-c33b-e51e17268c74.md">TextDescription</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the description text for the page.<br />(Overrides <a href="e2c523dd-3e46-5936-f978-59fbc69d0ae4.md">KryptonPage.TextDescription</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3b66a262-5e48-3eb5-12e9-b24e4ad0a24c.md">TextTitle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the title text for the page.<br />(Overrides <a href="2e9cf933-fd76-be23-7497-75b702fe3f7d.md">KryptonPage.TextTitle</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c63ad175-bc38-8ca4-a7c7-f353f45bc73f.md">ToolTipBody</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the page tooltip body text.<br />(Overrides <a href="4f2f631e-2046-28e0-9baf-bda048ce7390.md">KryptonPage.ToolTipBody</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="de351451-3fc8-4aaa-b35a-7a29165d9658.md">ToolTipImage</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the page tooltip image.<br />(Overrides <a href="73712f22-9e1b-a07c-1254-64959b28091e.md">KryptonPage.ToolTipImage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="de827078-72bc-2e9c-f80e-c2ad1a9c06ae.md">ToolTipImageTransparentColor</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the tooltip image transparent color.<br />(Overrides <a href="f68b582d-82cb-9160-d620-cc7dae63ce22.md">KryptonPage.ToolTipImageTransparentColor</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="88436469-0e27-bff0-ef9f-9841ceb71e78.md">ToolTipShadow</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the tooltip label style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="166d5117-de88-2c5f-a119-5b0958dbd5f3.md">ToolTipStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the tooltip label style.<br />(Overrides <a href="622166e3-8f43-4202-32f2-ae916e49de82.md">KryptonPage.ToolTipStyle</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7e010d9a-efa8-93ad-77ed-1494f92a38af.md">ToolTipTitle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the page tooltip title text.<br />(Overrides <a href="3d1212a3-54e9-8d21-ff1f-fdd7a916b8d0.md">KryptonPage.ToolTipTitle</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e9ac2dbd-8804-3b21-151c-68fd7cf9e2c0.md">TransparentParent</a></td>
<td>Gets the control reference that is the parent for transparent drawing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b2fd072d-a965-43f9-e653-91da5a6f6266.md">UniqueName</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the unique name of the page.<br />(Overrides <a href="58ec96ac-f468-4aa3-febe-ce9d797aa6c3.md">KryptonPage.UniqueName</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VerticalScroll</td>
<td>Gets the characteristics associated with the vertical scroll bar.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5be2b5af-b6a2-49f7-8361-cd12313a05c6.md">ViewManager</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ViewManager instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VScroll</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the vertical scroll bar is visible.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="4312cd84-80e1-bd84-301b-3a2bc63e5da3.md">KryptonAutoHiddenProxyPage Class</a>  
<a href="98399376-cf41-9454-4b4d-4fab2ca20bc7.md">Krypton.Docking Namespace</a>  
