# KryptonContextMenuColorColumns Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="0a7fa3c8-7761-6650-615e-41f427653f67.md">ContainsColor</a></td>
<td>Does the provided color exist in the definition.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ce69f7e1-d207-4c3a-2666-0e4a9c52c1cf.md">GenerateView</a></td>
<td>Returns a view appropriate for this item based on the object it is inside.<br />(Overrides <a href="4ff50a92-e0d0-944c-4542-c1dfe1101a0b.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase.GenerateView(IContextMenuProvider, Object, ViewLayoutStack, Boolean, Boolean)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="313c6727-c18d-a9a3-5fb5-e592eb5e4516.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a0a072a2-b115-359c-f4bb-f335c32909b4.md">OnSelectedColorChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the SelectedColorChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0493ef13-8c03-5b4b-aca9-9ed23ff0e858.md">OnToolTipNeeded</a></td>
<td>Raises the ToolTipNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="18ac7621-375c-b21f-7579-2b403244cd34.md">OnTrackingColor</a></td>
<td>Raises the TrackingColor event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e5f370f0-4349-7158-76e7-8f8e8869bbc0.md">ProcessShortcut</a></td>
<td>Test for the provided shortcut and perform relevant action if a match is found.<br />(Overrides <a href="1290fb0d-f07b-010e-f79d-c7e1a108ac56.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase.ProcessShortcut(Keys)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="46907c04-f166-ac3c-11f3-65f5be172eef.md">ResetToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipValues property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0115822c-e446-55c4-9c61-88aae1702e89.md">SetCustomColors</a></td>
<td>Define a custom set of colors for display.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0521a0d8-1e6f-2b61-1562-4a80a8e07992.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a description of the instance.<br />(Overrides Component.ToString())</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a03f4fa5-4606-e969-136a-566429e6d5f7.md">KryptonContextMenuColorColumns Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
