# KryptonPageFlags Class


Specifies flags that can be applied to a KryptonPage



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Navigator (in Krypton.Navigator.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
[FlagsAttribute]
public sealed class KryptonPageFlags : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
<FlagsAttribute>
Public NotInheritable Class KryptonPageFlags
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  KryptonPageFlags</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="b11024e0-51c3-1a12-2311-eaa7082a2a1a.md">All</a></td>
<td>Specifies that all flags are set.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e583b768-79d9-ffd6-de5c-8c1a22afa621.md">AllowConfigSave</a></td>
<td>Specifies that the page is allowed to be saved to configuration.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2ed65d53-8c6b-3803-a75d-db5c8b0d129a.md">AllowPageDrag</a></td>
<td>Specifies that the page is allowed to be dragged from the navigator.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5f830cb6-db76-cf6f-4d8b-f7651ab398a3.md">AllowPageReorder</a></td>
<td>Specifies that the page is allowed to be drag reordered.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e11b4b6-6dab-966a-0301-18f1b3dd01cf.md">DockingAllowAutoHidden</a></td>
<td>Specifies that the user is allowed to make a page auto hidden.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="86d33e13-afe6-f76f-75e0-147a35cf9964.md">DockingAllowClose</a></td>
<td>Specifies that the user is allowed to close a docking page.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e9df650b-bde7-8a14-049c-56f032b6df47.md">DockingAllowDocked</a></td>
<td>Specifies that the user is allowed to make a page docked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="caf45c5d-663d-235c-534e-ecae84b37f3f.md">DockingAllowDropDown</a></td>
<td>Specifies that the user is allowed to select from a drop down button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2fe18ca3-fb84-c052-2d58-8f9c3a31c98f.md">DockingAllowFloating</a></td>
<td>Specifies that the user is allowed to make a page floating.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="26163bf8-3387-be6c-61e3-f27656ae6cbd.md">DockingAllowNavigator</a></td>
<td>Specifies that the user is allowed to make a page tabbed in a navigator.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="59878d09-d183-91dd-b9ef-75cb1bf31cba.md">DockingAllowWorkspace</a></td>
<td>Specifies that the user is allowed to make a page tabbed in a workspace.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="751f533d-34fb-9a70-e8af-5abffaf679a0.md">PageInOverflowBarForOutlookMode</a></td>
<td>Specifies that in the Outlook mode the page is shown on the overflow bar.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bac347a2-69f4-b4dc-d001-7cf3c3daccf4.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
