# VisualBlur Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>AssignHandle</td>
<td>Assigns a handle to this window.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateHandle</td>
<td>Creates a window and its handle with the specified creation parameters.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefWndProc</td>
<td>Invokes the default window procedure associated with this window.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DestroyHandle</td>
<td>Destroys the window and its handle.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="54f50186-3764-2794-3aab-f48430bf7771.md">Dispose</a></td>
<td>Make sure the resources are disposed of gracefully.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases the resources associated with this window.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleChange</td>
<td>Specifies a notification method that is called when the handle for a window is changed.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnThreadException</td>
<td>When overridden in a derived class, manages an unhandled thread exception.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ReleaseHandle</td>
<td>Releases the handle associated with this window.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="56fa3bf1-59a7-8a58-e8ec-6974d89541c7.md">SetTargetRect</a></td>
<td>Calculate the new position, but DO NOT Move</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="11191c14-8e8a-ce27-1492-49a91dd39bc1.md">UpdateBlur</a></td>
<td>Updates the blur.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>WndProc</td>
<td>Invokes the default window procedure associated with this window.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="512d0f89-2bf4-e193-9560-412a55d94aa5.md">VisualBlur Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
