# KryptonNavigatorDesigner Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from ControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="50b9ec47-f687-8b85-efe4-388001092507.md">ActionLists</a></td>
<td>Gets the design-time action lists supported by the component associated with the designer.<br />(Overrides ComponentDesigner.ActionLists)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowControlLasso</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether selected controls will be re-parented.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowGenericDragBox</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether a generic drag box should be drawn when dragging a toolbox item over the designer's surface.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowSetChildIndexOnDrop</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the z-order of dragged controls should be maintained when dropped on a ParentControlDesigner.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bd8e735f-67ee-775e-6a86-fcdb88458963.md">AssociatedComponents</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of components associated with the component managed by the designer.<br />(Overrides ControlDesigner.AssociatedComponents)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeHandles</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether resize handle allocation depends on the value of the AutoSize() property.<br />(Inherited from ControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BehaviorService</td>
<td>Gets the BehaviorService from the design environment.<br />(Inherited from ControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Component</td>
<td>Gets the component this designer is designing.<br />(Inherited from ComponentDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Control</td>
<td>Gets the control that the designer is designing.<br />(Inherited from ControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultControlLocation</td>
<td>Gets the default location for a control added to the designer.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DrawGrid</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether a grid should be drawn on the control for this designer.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EnableDragRect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether drag rectangles are drawn by the designer.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GridSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size of each square of the grid that is drawn when the designer is in grid draw mode.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InheritanceAttribute</td>
<td>Gets the InheritanceAttribute of the designer.<br />(Inherited from ControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Inherited</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this component is inherited.<br />(Inherited from ComponentDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDragTool</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the designer has a valid tool during a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fefc93d4-08f1-4ce9-935d-2d44b784c172.md">Navigator</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the associated navigator instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ParentComponent</td>
<td>Gets the parent component for the ControlDesigner.<br />(Inherited from ControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ParticipatesWithSnapLines</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ControlDesigner will allow snapline alignment during a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from ControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectionRules</td>
<td>Gets the selection rules that indicate the movement capabilities of a component.<br />(Inherited from ControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShadowProperties</td>
<td>Gets a collection of property values that override user settings.<br />(Inherited from ComponentDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SnapLines</td>
<td>Gets a list of SnapLine objects representing significant alignment points for this control.<br />(Inherited from ParentControlDesigner)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0a28f02f-64f5-6ae0-bdd9-22718c285310.md">Verbs</a></td>
<td>Gets the design-time verbs supported by the component that is associated with the designer.<br />(Overrides ComponentDesigner.Verbs)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="b6d360d2-1f72-be86-7025-a1560a1afbb2.md">KryptonNavigatorDesigner Class</a>  
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
