# KryptonWorkspace Class


Layout a hierarchy of KryptonNavigator instances.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="0dbf488f-9676-a1e5-a949-1b4bcea03d52.md">Krypton.Workspace</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Workspace (in Krypton.Workspace.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonWorkspace : VisualContainerControl, 
	IDragTargetProvider
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonWorkspace
	Inherits VisualContainerControl
	Implements IDragTargetProvider
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  Control  →  ScrollableControl  →  ContainerControl  →  <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>  →  <a href="5c5ff5e3-fe1b-f0f9-8390-4002a4bee52d.md">VisualContainerControl</a>  →  KryptonWorkspace</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Derived</strong></td><td><a href="638b8f4c-3645-edb8-b3d5-7598ea376868.md">Krypton.Docking.KryptonSpace</a></td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td><a href="8eb58f90-a208-eb68-de6f-8d33582f9f19.md">IDragTargetProvider</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="661d038d-8702-daf4-77e9-10945bdfa489.md">KryptonWorkspace</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonWorkspace class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9f73d3a7-f23d-dd26-a441-8d6d3e525b12.md">ActiveCell</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the active cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ActiveControl</td>
<td>Gets or sets the active control on the container control.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8477e965-94c8-b1f6-ef94-d9b7d56a28cd.md">ActivePage</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the active page.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dff1248c-e495-92f9-b465-4fedd7e9f261.md">AllowDrop</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can accept data that the user drags onto it.<br />(Overrides Control.AllowDrop)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="44c09073-0a00-f0fb-d5cd-37f0b74293ea.md">AllowPageDrag</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the default setting for allowing the dragging of cells.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1638e8c2-28ec-c4bd-1be9-533c5720959f.md">AllowResizing</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the user can use separators to resize workspace items.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Anchor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the edges of the container to which a control is bound and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScaleDimensions</td>
<td>Gets or sets the dimensions that the control was designed to.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScaleFactor</td>
<td>Gets the scaling factor between the current and design-time automatic scaling dimensions.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScaleMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the automatic scaling mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScroll</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the container enables the user to scroll to any controls placed outside of its visible boundaries.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollMargin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size of the auto-scroll margin.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollMinSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the minimum size of the auto-scroll.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollPosition</td>
<td>Gets or sets the location of the auto-scroll position.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="be76e4db-20b4-62e4-eae2-d07505533552.md">AutoSize</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is automatically resized to display its entire contents.<br />(Overrides Control.AutoSize())</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3d477498-82ae-d761-15da-9b627bde30b4.md">BackgroundImage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="de97fb9c-e4e2-8a14-52d1-1ca3d1d0862f.md">BackgroundImageLayout</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image layout.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="edb2626b-71e0-54b0-d165-9e3733f87842.md">CellCount</a></td>
<td>Gets the number of of defined cells in the workspace hierarchy.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d6e47a56-80f1-7922-6529-2aac8ea3df75.md">CellVisibleCount</a></td>
<td>Gets the number of of defined visible cells in the workspace hierarchy.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1d7899e3-924e-7b21-4a24-411a1eb57161.md">CompactFlags</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the compacting options to be applied.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e2dd508a-095b-2660-df69-edffb646d593.md">ContainerBackStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the container background style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="62087066-9ebd-95fc-7778-636e4ae5216d.md">ContextMenus</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the properties for managing the workspace context menus.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="42bd69d6-9dc5-3f2d-a953-d77e9325d1bd.md">ContextMenuStrip</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the ContextMenuStrip associated with this control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="143e082d-5622-07b9-b9d5-4f26f8e18479.md">Controls</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateParams</td>
<td>Gets the required creation parameters when the control handle is created.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CurrentAutoScaleDimensions</td>
<td>Gets the current run-time dimensions of the screen.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8fa17cea-423f-bcd3-b75b-d773920381cc.md">DefaultSize</a></td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Overrides Control.DefaultSize)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the virtual display area of the control.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dock</td>
<td>Gets or sets which control borders are docked to its parent control and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8f35bb8c-6f2e-1beb-73ae-7d0697f3bd8f.md">DragPageNotify</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the interface for receiving page drag notifications.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e95f110b-9624-f78a-b08f-c3ffc624c02b.md">EvalInvokePaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to use Invoke to force a repaint.<br />(Overrides <a href="1fed48ab-cec4-7054-978e-137bbb4d7fde.md">VisualContainerControlBase.EvalInvokePaint</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focused</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HorizontalScroll</td>
<td>Gets the characteristics associated with the horizontal scroll bar.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HScroll</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the horizontal scroll bar is visible.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="18d7fe53-e581-261d-43c8-48e405cb1780.md">MaximizedCell</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the cell to maximize inside the client area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the upper limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the lower limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="595872a7-1808-9d9c-b471-1c805b402b21.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9e318653-5232-6c10-7156-7175e725a06e.md">NeedPaintPaletteDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint palette delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="74f2c51e-855d-eeed-6607-808f95c920c2.md">NeedTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if transparent paint is needed<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets padding within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="232210ec-8485-592f-f20f-09109be49189.md">PageCount</a></td>
<td>Gets the number of of defined pages in the workspace hierarchy.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0940324a-2bcb-78a9-fb43-ac1a0733067c.md">PageVisibleCount</a></td>
<td>Gets the number of of defined visible pages in the workspace hierarchy.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="793993e7-5768-2506-0b56-5fb366093037.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5be9f35f-1edb-f998-6ea6-6b937a537999.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ParentForm</td>
<td>Gets the form that the container control is assigned to.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0623e0e9-ba59-af6e-da77-f76843126d6d.md">Redirector</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the palette redirector.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3a3f570c-98ef-45d9-b1e9-cc1bcd327291.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="135523ff-b2b7-ce9e-a2d0-ab841d5437b5.md">Root</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the root sequence.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cc0545af-7ed5-c3e8-fd43-35ec124e07a0.md">SeparatorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the separator style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e791373f-fc65-c43b-eb45-9fcfabded4a2.md">ShowMaximizeButton</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets if the maximized/restore button is Displayed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0e220e21-1add-d4a2-80d6-3ac6192bf658.md">SplitterWidth</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the thickness of the splitters.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="67e377e8-f581-6ace-71be-e23fb49ce5d8.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common split container appearance that other states can override.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1cd269e8-6d46-1783-7432-38b13911e56c.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled split container appearance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4967ec10-e8fb-c6e6-75d1-5792e94a9d5f.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal split container appearance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="391cbac5-059b-7561-9c8f-89c33b1bda06.md">StatePressed</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the pressed separator appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fe1bf117-ec15-84f4-5f6f-e5acc10792b9.md">StateTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the hot tracking separator appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cfb05f21-dc34-966b-162d-2b1ed131b855.md">TabStop</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can give the focus to this control using the TAB key.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c102e750-80f7-ee93-9d00-e54a6ce872ea.md">TransparentParent</a></td>
<td>Gets the control reference that is the parent for transparent drawing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VerticalScroll</td>
<td>Gets the characteristics associated with the vertical scroll bar.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dea9e695-d34b-51ed-2b11-7f3830e554db.md">ViewManager</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ViewManager instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VScroll</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the vertical scroll bar is visible.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyClients(AccessibleEvents, Int32)</td>
<td>Notifies the accessibility client applications of the specified AccessibleEvents for the specified child control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyClients(AccessibleEvents, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Notifies the accessibility client applications of the specified AccessibleEvents for the specified child control .<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AdjustFormScrollbars</td>
<td>Adjusts the scroll bars on the container based on the current control positions and the control currently selected.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="52eb5695-486d-f1b3-2956-78f86ad411fe.md">AllPages</a></td>
<td>Gets an array of all the pages within the workspace,</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="512d332d-08cb-10da-cac9-00ea28c6ee81.md">AllVisiblePages</a></td>
<td>Gets an array of all the visible pages within the workspace,</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4ab195b6-36fa-0f8c-0213-965cccb6fab8.md">ApplyGridCells()</a></td>
<td>Arrange existing cells into a square like grid.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ff75a34d-ac11-3893-0134-44387ef5c742.md">ApplyGridCells(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Arrange existing cells into a square like grid.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e76dc54f-d19d-94f7-df43-237a4657a99d.md">ApplyGridCells(Boolean, Orientation)</a></td>
<td>Arrange existing cells into a square like grid.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="60ce3545-985b-abe7-7028-009d328c1eef.md">ApplyGridCells(Boolean, Orientation, Int32)</a></td>
<td>Arrange existing cells into a square like grid.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="25b18c74-6a9a-1f1a-743a-e39d7c7aa803.md">ApplyGridPages()</a></td>
<td>Move each page into its own cell and arrange then in a square like grid.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ac17c67f-3584-f131-6372-1692968f41b8.md">ApplyGridPages(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Move each page into its own cell and arrange then in a square like grid.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="45d94e93-4226-ae18-e657-970d810f072d.md">ApplyGridPages(Boolean, Orientation)</a></td>
<td>Move each page into its own cell and arrange then in a square like grid.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9feacc2a-cf84-676a-ee4a-6772de8f8604.md">ApplyGridPages(Boolean, Orientation, Int32)</a></td>
<td>Move each page into its own cell and arrange then in a square like grid.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bc6168c2-0088-e37e-9342-66895bafcbe2.md">ApplyRebalance</a></td>
<td>Re-balance the star sized items by setting them all to the same 50*,50* value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8fc0a0de-3e9b-795a-a521-12c51b1886a5.md">ApplyResizing</a></td>
<td>Apply new sizing values to each cell and sequence in the workspace hierarchy.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="74334d75-d1e2-618e-8164-d48181e58c23.md">ApplySingleCell()</a></td>
<td>Move all pages into a new single cell that occupies the entire client area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9b8e123a-1abf-5c90-2cce-cbec345c9317.md">ApplySingleCell(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Move all pages into a new single cell that occupies the entire client area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5c836822-2161-4231-b1e2-24738393a1e9.md">BeginInit</a></td>
<td>Signals the object that initialization is starting.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5c5ff5e3-fe1b-f0f9-8390-4002a4bee52d.md">VisualContainerControl</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously with the specified arguments, on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BringToFront</td>
<td>Brings the control to the front of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d3b173a4-e1d0-9157-c8e1-e7d1030dfc82.md">CanClosePage</a></td>
<td>Can the provided page be closed using the same logic as the close button on the cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c483199b-4138-a808-71c5-ab9886e473ec.md">CanMovePageNext</a></td>
<td>Can the provided page be moved to the next cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cd89aed8-6030-7eca-51a7-9bb38d019394.md">CanMovePagePrevious</a></td>
<td>Can the provided page be moved to the previous cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7bfabb02-020a-0fb2-098f-3888923e67d0.md">CanProcessMnemonic</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating is processing of mnemonics should be allowed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3ad7adac-2852-ee84-d2c0-50c39e74a31d.md">CellForPage</a></td>
<td>Find the cell that contains the provided page.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="904d7dcf-8147-5c34-c1f1-3a834bc3c24e.md">CellForUniqueName</a></td>
<td>Find the cell that has a page with the contained unique name.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0afc87cd-a67b-a78d-6c7b-a6809a158049.md">CheckPerformLayout</a></td>
<td>Check if the layout is dirty and if so perform the layout now.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eb0bfbc2-40a4-e3a5-c333-fb58644bb896.md">ClearAllPages</a></td>
<td>Remove all pages from all the cells.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e41f44ea-8a16-e637-37c0-fc020ba01fc7.md">CloseAllButThisPage</a></td>
<td>Close all the pages except the one provided using the same logic as the close button on the cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4cdeb0f8-5495-710f-04e5-78c78dbc0849.md">ClosePage</a></td>
<td>Close the page using the same logic as the close button on the cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Contains</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating whether the specified control is a child of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="36cd6a42-13e7-f28d-8baa-fa76db0e1279.md">ContextMenuClosed</a></td>
<td>Called when a context menu has just been closed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateAccessibilityInstance</td>
<td>Creates a new accessibility object for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateControl</td>
<td>Forces the creation of the visible control, including the creation of the handle and any visible child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b7bfbfdc-1d85-81af-c090-ab17855eda42.md">CreateControlsInstance</a></td>
<td>Creates a new instance of the control collection for the control.<br />(Overrides Control.CreateControlsInstance())</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateGraphics</td>
<td>Creates the Graphics for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateHandle</td>
<td>Creates a handle for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="74e40bbd-ae78-12a7-ec73-1e7e1d7c9409.md">CreateRedirector</a></td>
<td>Create the redirector instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="54e4c6b4-b55b-fb75-8458-5a236a84e699.md">CreateToolStripRenderer</a></td>
<td>Create a tool strip renderer appropriate for the current renderer/palette pair.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">

VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefWndProc</td>
<td>Sends the specified message to the default window procedure.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DestroyHandle</td>
<td>Destroys the handle associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2df27f05-2cbe-1a0f-2bc4-586773c7e13e.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Clean up any resources being used.<br />(Overrides <a href="8977866a-e463-08e5-d82b-fd5c42746142.md">VisualContainerControlBase.Dispose(Boolean)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects)</td>
<td>Begins a drag-and-drop operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects, Bitmap, Point, Boolean)</td>
<td>Begins a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DrawToBitmap</td>
<td>Supports rendering to the specified bitmap.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="43328fa8-19a3-ca70-ec7f-4ceae73b71d9.md">EndInit</a></td>
<td>Signals the object that initialization is complete.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5c5ff5e3-fe1b-f0f9-8390-4002a4bee52d.md">VisualContainerControl</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EndInvoke</td>
<td>Retrieves the return value of the asynchronous operation represented by the IAsyncResult passed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2143ce58-2774-8436-d82a-8509fb239f19.md">EvalTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to paint transparent areas.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="54f35f0e-fafd-82f6-d363-d5f83cd0cf8b.md">ExistingCellDetach</a></td>
<td>Detach an existing cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindForm</td>
<td>Retrieves the form that the control is on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e719e66e-0ca5-ab6f-d1aa-304ca2a7a546.md">FirstCell</a></td>
<td>Return reference to first workspace cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="65fe58ea-37b0-c5eb-5c6c-b20942b6b0a5.md">FirstVisibleCell</a></td>
<td>Return reference to first visible workspace cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focus</td>
<td>Sets input focus to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="26d5c5da-ab84-4220-8d37-82a8c054750e.md">ForceViewLayout</a></td>
<td>Force the control to perform a krypton layout to calculate size and positioning.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d6f7e93f-9158-9eb4-3c00-f05cc00101d9.md">GenerateDragTargets(PageDragEndData)</a></td>
<td>Generate a list of drag targets that are relevant to the provided end data.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="055beadf-1af1-4dc2-6609-0e8bab6abc12.md">GenerateDragTargets(PageDragEndData, KryptonPageFlags)</a></td>
<td>Generate a list of drag targets that are relevant to the provided end data.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetAccessibilityObjectById</td>
<td>Retrieves the specified AccessibleObject.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating how a control will behave when its AutoSize() property is enabled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point, GetChildAtPointSkip)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates, specifying whether to ignore child controls of a certain type.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetContainerControl</td>
<td>Returns the next ContainerControl up the control's chain of parent controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetNextControl</td>
<td>Retrieves the next control forward or back in the tab order of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPreferredSize</td>
<td>Retrieves the size of a rectangular area into which a control can be fitted.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetScaledBounds</td>
<td>Retrieves the bounds within which the control is scaled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetScrollState</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified flag has been set.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStyle</td>
<td>Retrieves the value of the specified control style bit for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTopLevel</td>
<td>Determines if the control is a top-level control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Hide</td>
<td>Conceals the control from the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="89aa793d-1385-6226-43c5-598a8c9f4933.md">HideAllPages()</a></td>
<td>Set the visible state of all the pages in the workspace to hidden.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fc9f8f21-eb91-527a-45f0-6dacd72bcb16.md">HideAllPages(Type)</a></td>
<td>Set the visible state of all the pages in the workspace to hidden.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitLayout</td>
<td>Called after the control has been added to another container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate()</td>
<td>Invalidates the entire surface of the control and causes the control to be redrawn.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates a specific region of the control and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate, on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle, with the specified list of arguments.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(T)(Func(T))</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeGotFocus</td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="44014cf7-d6bf-8866-0638-4555585dd8c0.md">InvokeLayout</a></td>
<td>Request a layout be performed before any painting occurs.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeLostFocus</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeOnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokePaint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokePaintBackground</td>
<td>Raises the PaintBackground event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4fdd3637-dad4-d212-0efe-bff90a6538be.md">IsCellPresent</a></td>
<td>Determine if reference to cell exists in current hierarchy.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputChar</td>
<td>Determines if a character is an input character that the control recognizes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputKey</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified key is a regular input key or a special key that requires preprocessing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d5c7b8c7-f440-61cd-36af-d20ab96406c4.md">LastCell</a></td>
<td>Return reference to last workspace cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="241fc1d4-b9e9-53df-7e50-a5205531ab83.md">LastVisibleCell</a></td>
<td>Return reference to last visible workspace cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="38928789-9c79-99bd-9e4a-2a9da60d9b2f.md">LoadLayoutFromArray</a></td>
<td>Loads workspace layout information from given array of bytes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3c581360-87fa-6de7-a352-a52a2798ffa8.md">LoadLayoutFromFile</a></td>
<td>Loads workspace layout information from given filename.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="56f4f629-5b18-fe41-e5fa-fa9cd3ca1f08.md">LoadLayoutFromStream</a></td>
<td>Loads workspace layout information from given stream object.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="766aa8d9-6351-ff0a-e259-ac717637ab7f.md">LoadLayoutFromXml(XmlReader)</a></td>
<td>Loads workspace layout information using the provided xml reader.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd9632b4-8427-8aca-7d7c-76517691ed6b.md">LoadLayoutFromXml(XmlReader, KryptonPageCollection)</a></td>
<td>Loads workspace layout information using the provided xml reader.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Int32)</td>
<td>Converts a Logical DPI value to its equivalent DeviceUnit DPI value.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Size)</td>
<td>Transforms a size from logical to device units by scaling it for the current DPI and rounding down to the nearest integer value for width and height.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dc8814b8-fd96-7e31-e1f2-375de19b2de0.md">MarkLayoutDirty</a></td>
<td>Mark the layout as being dirty and needing to be performed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f52d4000-de74-3417-a955-9ce0e3863919.md">MovePageNext</a></td>
<td>Move the provided page to the next cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="968621dd-4224-982b-3fda-bfd45031f781.md">MovePagePrevious</a></td>
<td>Move the provided page to the previous cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6fb7c801-0470-9410-c0a6-d614870f071a.md">NewCellInitialize</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fed22fb3-dc0e-c580-8f2c-4c2f8a0f3e2b.md">NextCell</a></td>
<td>Return reference to next cell in hierarchy starting from specified cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e1a997f0-4d42-9416-b44e-6ce4fda24dbe.md">NextVisibleCell</a></td>
<td>Return reference to next visible cell in hierarchy starting from specified cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NotifyInvalidate</td>
<td>Raises the Invalidated event with a specified region of the control to invalidate.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="03f2798d-e184-3a86-3f62-f448052810f1.md">OnActiveCellChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the ActiveCellChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63876236-c6d8-7f3f-cba8-abc15192a703.md">OnActivePageChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the ActivePageChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d135bf6b-df70-b36a-2842-02048d47bf46.md">OnAfterPageDrag</a></td>
<td>Raises the AfterPageDrag event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAutoSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AutoSizeChanged() event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAutoValidateChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AutoValidateChanged() event.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundImageLayoutChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageLayoutChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5b4eb1e0-ecd8-ead2-9e9f-ad0985db83cd.md">OnBeforePageDrag</a></td>
<td>Raises the BeforePageDrag event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="174d4f25-33f7-6577-8f7e-f2b8fba8f09a.md">OnButtonSpecChanged</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette storage of a button spec change.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCausesValidationChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CausesValidationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="45871349-b8fd-06df-ff85-552f138119a8.md">OnCellCountChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the CellCountChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4c02b0de-e95d-7dfe-4be6-f33efb073a2d.md">OnCellVisibleCountChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the CellVisibleCountChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnChangeUICues</td>
<td>Raises the ChangeUICues event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c4fe6d6c-c4a5-6b3e-46f4-670792604ae5.md">OnChildrenMaximizeRestoreClicked</a></td>
<td>Request to toggle the maximized state.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="93f436f4-2ef7-9364-b347-4c4eb46fc59e.md">OnChildrenPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Change has occurred in the hierarchy of children.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClientSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ClientSizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ContextMenuStripChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnControlAdded</td>
<td>Raises the ControlAdded event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnControlRemoved</td>
<td>Raises the ControlRemoved event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCreateControl</td>
<td>Raises the CreateControl() method.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCursorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CursorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataContextChanged</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDockChanged</td>
<td>Raises the DockChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8400ea2b-cb96-b525-8422-aed25fde979e.md">OnDoubleClick(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the DoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDoubleClick(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the DoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChangedAfterParent</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChangedAfterParent event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChangedBeforeParent</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChangedBeforeParent event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragDrop</td>
<td>Raises the DragDrop event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragEnter</td>
<td>Raises the DragEnter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragLeave</td>
<td>Raises the DragLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragOver</td>
<td>Raises the DragOver event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="13c785ab-2bbc-bde6-d43b-ce7f8793fefe.md">OnEnabledChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnabledChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnter</td>
<td>Raises the Enter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGiveFeedback</td>
<td>Raises the GiveFeedback event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6b9183f3-6020-2e54-b97a-acad8ff40d23.md">OnGlobalLoading</a></td>
<td>Raises the GlobalLoading event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b37b098e-c5ed-0336-2c06-e302dd9d8672.md">OnGlobalPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the global palette has been changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0ea012f0-d149-554f-1ce9-e967538dd07d.md">OnGlobalSaving</a></td>
<td>Raises the GlobalSaving event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="88450477-a7a2-6bf8-4250-de1be775b5b9.md">OnGotFocus(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="653ac910-6ade-6c39-92bc-2e56e19b4e06.md">OnGotFocus(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGotFocus(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleCreated</td>
<td>Raises the HandleCreated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleDestroyed</td>
<td>Raises the HandleDestroyed event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHelpRequested</td>
<td>Raises the HelpRequested event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnImeModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ImeModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fedfd4ea-f42a-116c-ce38-206b1e2a810a.md">OnInitialized</a></td>
<td>Raises the Initialized event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5c5ff5e3-fe1b-f0f9-8390-4002a4bee52d.md">VisualContainerControl</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnInvalidated</td>
<td>Raises the Invalidated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0fbfff82-092b-dd56-13ac-2a6726af8644.md">OnKeyDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f7eb9ab6-c1b0-a144-641c-1c2184dc383b.md">OnKeyPress</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyPress event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="af54aa57-2860-f244-62bb-9ac97c9d1b5d.md">OnKeyUp</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyUp event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="15fed382-f6e7-07d1-fe00-0b64ee8b7aad.md">OnLayout</a></td>
<td>Raises the Layout event.<br />(Overrides <a href="e2fd4670-ef25-618f-e92f-a52dedf2054f.md">VisualContainerControlBase.OnLayout(LayoutEventArgs)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLeave</td>
<td>Raises the Leave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLocationChanged</td>
<td>Raises the LocationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="df6af180-f868-f11f-6c23-ec459cf077fb.md">OnLostFocus(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLostFocus(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMarginChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MarginChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8ecc1d8c-9d68-6a8b-78e4-e4533e2b7d56.md">OnMaximizedCellChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the MaximizedCellChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseCaptureChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MouseCaptureChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseClick</td>
<td>Raises the MouseClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the MouseDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="86bafa4c-6f49-c5f5-6de8-749f1b779a40.md">OnMouseDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseDown event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseEnter</td>
<td>Raises the MouseEnter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseHover</td>
<td>Raises the MouseHover event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a15a2b8c-dc28-e069-4887-38fac5bd7b73.md">OnMouseLeave(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseLeave(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0fc69bf5-b652-6f70-1a99-c71a1ba0e8b3.md">OnMouseMove</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseMove event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="861baf03-bf59-9e78-7db2-f5ef3ea2ed45.md">OnMouseUp</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseUp event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseWheel</td>
<td>Raises the MouseWheel event.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMove</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6421c660-551b-973f-0c07-61664b565c8a.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette storage of a paint and optional layout required.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnNotifyMessage</td>
<td>Notifies the control of Windows messages.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaddingChanged</td>
<td>Raises the PaddingChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="daaafc6b-4e80-e6dd-9b8d-48bcd6a954ef.md">OnPageDrop</a></td>
<td>Raises the PageDrop event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="907c57f6-8fe2-b3b2-46b6-e5b146fd9115.md">OnPageLoading</a></td>
<td>Raises the PageLoading event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ce712100-0814-aecd-7817-f6ebb0fd99f6.md">OnPageSaving</a></td>
<td>Raises the PageSaving event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c393fc3f-34ee-638d-c8bc-10b10e0f03a6.md">OnPagesUnmatched</a></td>
<td>Raises the PagesUnmatched event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="813cba28-4f35-6f26-5dec-e66fdf2b6e64.md">OnPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaintBackground</td>
<td>Paints the background of the control.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e8cda61b-d2c9-aac4-5650-44d5798ee479.md">OnPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PaletteChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7f1c618c-f913-502c-2dbd-9b9c71a838f2.md">OnPaletteNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette of a paint and optional layout required.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event when the BackColor property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event when the BackgroundImage property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event when the BindingContext property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ParentChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentCursorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CursorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentDataContextChanged</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentEnabledChanged</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event when the Enabled property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event when the Font property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event when the ForeColor property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentRightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event when the RightToLeft property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event when the Visible property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPreviewKeyDown</td>
<td>Raises the PreviewKeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPrint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnQueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Raises the QueryContinueDrag event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4b58e651-00bc-5643-36d4-15c74518360a.md">OnRecreateLoadingPage</a></td>
<td>Raises the RecreateLoadingPage event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRegionChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RegionChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnResize</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="55022b14-e7be-0eeb-0c84-504ebfa3ec31.md">OnRightToLeftChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRightToLeftChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnScroll</td>
<td>Raises the Scroll event.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the StyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSystemColorsChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SystemColorsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTabIndexChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TabIndexChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTabStopChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TabStopChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6c74f4df-d5bd-5eaf-a875-044e2896d8f2.md">OnUserPreferenceChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when a user preference has changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidated</td>
<td>Raises the Validated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidating</td>
<td>Raises the Validating event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b45c00aa-7b74-b512-fffe-d3e9dd308f8a.md">OnWorkspaceCellAdding</a></td>
<td>Raises the WorkspaceCellAdding event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c31ef22a-6604-03f3-431d-403d417c5abd.md">OnWorkspaceCellRemoved</a></td>
<td>Raises the WorkspaceCellRemoved event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b00877e3-b02d-c3a7-6494-c388f231b02a.md">PageForUniqueName</a></td>
<td>Find the page with the contained unique name.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3bb432d4-8e5c-3049-8142-59d6a7366f8f.md">PaintBackground</a></td>
<td>Perform background painting with the provided default values.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformAutoScale</td>
<td>Performs scaling of the container control and its children.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout()</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout(Control, String)</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b4e5332d-15e8-c2ed-cbe7-1ce402ba07aa.md">PerformNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToClient</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified screen point into client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified client point into screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessControlMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bcea10f4-35a2-1896-9858-5549b6806581.md">PreviousCell</a></td>
<td>Return reference to previous cell in hierarchy starting from specified cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2dfbadeb-df90-4dd0-21d9-fa62f876548b.md">PreviousVisibleCell</a></td>
<td>Return reference to previous visible cell in hierarchy starting from specified cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessCmdKey</td>
<td>Processes a command key.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDialogChar</td>
<td>Processes a dialog character.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ca585bea-d17e-efd1-d283-91439ce1a108.md">ProcessDialogKey</a></td>
<td>Processes a dialog key.<br />(Overrides ContainerControl.ProcessDialogKey(Keys))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyEventArgs</td>
<td>Processes a key message and generates the appropriate control events.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyMessage</td>
<td>Processes a keyboard message.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyPreview</td>
<td>Previews a keyboard message.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessMnemonic</td>
<td>Processes a mnemonic character.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessTabKey</td>
<td>Selects the next available control and makes it the active control.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseDragEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate drag event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseKeyEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate key event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseMouseEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate mouse event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaisePaintEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="67dcc053-091c-2adc-d8ae-a703003b8202.md">ReadCellElement</a></td>
<td>Read cell details from xml during load process.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9ea9632d-1489-24d5-f6cd-cd467063a5b9.md">ReadPageElement</a></td>
<td>Read page details from xml during load process.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="25d46a26-33bd-1e72-5e3c-bb8a42ab261e.md">ReadSequenceElement</a></td>
<td>Read sequence details from xml during load process.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreateHandle</td>
<td>Forces the re-creation of the handle for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToClient</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified screen rectangle in client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified client rectangle in screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Refresh</td>
<td>Forces the control to invalidate its client area and immediately redraw itself and any child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RescaleConstantsForDpi</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResetMouseEventArgs</td>
<td>Resets the control to handle the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3ae138e7-3437-c4ab-7188-6c9760ff7397.md">ResetPalette</a></td>
<td>Resets the Palette property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0424def7-9e29-5a40-cdc1-e257156c9241.md">ResetPaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Resets the PaletteMode property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResetText</td>
<td>Resets the Text property to its default value (Empty).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout()</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout(Boolean)</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic, optionally forcing an immediate layout of pending layout requests.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(ContentAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified ContentAlignment to the appropriate ContentAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(HorizontalAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified HorizontalAlignment to the appropriate HorizontalAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(LeftRightAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified LeftRightAlignment to the appropriate LeftRightAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateContent</td>
<td>Converts the specified ContentAlignment to the appropriate ContentAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateHorizontal</td>
<td>Converts the specified HorizontalAlignment to the appropriate HorizontalAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateLeftRight</td>
<td>Converts the specified LeftRightAlignment to the appropriate LeftRightAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="244e7a2f-ef36-bb75-8832-4155f3dbd0b8.md">SaveLayoutToArray()</a></td>
<td>Saves workspace layout information into an array of bytes using Unicode Encoding.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="117ccce0-1836-b319-155d-055310d13763.md">SaveLayoutToArray(Encoding)</a></td>
<td>Saves workspace layout information into an array of bytes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f5815b41-5480-4d7d-5788-488a582bb341.md">SaveLayoutToFile(String)</a></td>
<td>Saves workspace layout information into a named file using Unicode Encoding.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="50ea4848-c3e0-e8a3-5a10-9b01738a2243.md">SaveLayoutToFile(String, Encoding)</a></td>
<td>Saves workspace layout information into a named file.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b5f8bf56-7722-afca-5931-7086c7d94a74.md">SaveLayoutToStream</a></td>
<td>Saves workspace layout information into a stream object.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5efeaad3-6ba9-3ff9-bae1-989bfa72861c.md">SaveLayoutToXml</a></td>
<td>Saves workspace layout information using a provider xml writer.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Scale</td>
<td>Scales the control and all child controls by the specified scaling factor.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleBitmapLogicalToDevice</td>
<td>Scales a logical bitmap value to it's equivalent device unit value when a DPI change occurs.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleControl</td>
<td>Scales a control's location, size, padding and margin.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleMinMaxSize</td>
<td>Scales the size of the container's Min and Max properties with the scale factor provided.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScrollControlIntoView</td>
<td>Scrolls the specified child control into view on an auto-scroll enabled control.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScrollToControl</td>
<td>Calculates the scroll offset to the specified child control.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Select()</td>
<td>Activates the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1c1df5af-f20a-3b1f-2b62-62c93f0cef54.md">Select(Boolean, Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Activates a child control. Optionally specifies the direction in the tab order to select the control from.<br />(Overrides ContainerControl.Select(Boolean, Boolean))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectNextControl</td>
<td>Activates the next control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SendToBack</td>
<td>Sends the control to the back of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetAutoScrollMargin</td>
<td>Sets the size of the auto-scroll margins.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Sets a value indicating how a control will behave when its AutoSize() property is enabled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Sets the bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, BoundsSpecified)</td>
<td>Sets the specified bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBoundsCore</td>
<td>Performs the work of setting the specified bounds of this control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetClientSizeCore</td>
<td>Sets the size of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetDisplayRectLocation</td>
<td>Positions the display window to the specified value.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetScrollState</td>
<td>Sets the specified scroll state flag.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetStyle</td>
<td>Sets a specified ControlStyles flag to either true or false.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetTopLevel</td>
<td>Sets the control as the top-level control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetVisibleCore</td>
<td>Sets the control to the specified visible state.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Show</td>
<td>Displays the control to the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="33bad444-3ad5-8bba-9745-8681c4665b71.md">ShowAllPages()</a></td>
<td>Set the visible state of all the pages in the workspace to showing.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f06770f2-622d-6667-7293-e82bb11b1168.md">ShowAllPages(Type)</a></td>
<td>Set the visible state of all the pages in the workspace to showing.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeFromClientSize</td>
<td>Determines the size of the entire control from the height and width of its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SuspendLayout</td>
<td>Temporarily suspends the layout logic for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Update</td>
<td>Causes the control to redraw the invalidated regions within its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds()</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the current size and location.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the specified size and location.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the specified size, location, and client size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateDefaultButton</td>
<td>When overridden by a derived class, updates which button is the default button.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateStyles</td>
<td>Forces the assigned styles to be reapplied to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateZOrder</td>
<td>Updates the control in its parent's z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validate()</td>
<td>Verifies the value of the control losing focus by causing the Validating and Validated events to occur, in that order.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validate(Boolean)</td>
<td>Verifies the value of the control that is losing focus; conditionally dependent on whether automatic validation is turned on.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="198af107-c631-2cea-f320-86d58c4ae399.md">WndProc</a></td>
<td>Process Windows-based messages.<br />(Overrides <a href="41cba483-26db-8db3-2f4a-68a52bedf10d.md">VisualContainerControlBase.WndProc(Message)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="32dff4e8-8fee-7458-9def-10d7afd0f24d.md">WriteCellElement</a></td>
<td>Write cell details to xml during save process.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="88b11332-ca25-36e2-d273-827bb98913b3.md">WritePageElement</a></td>
<td>Write page details to xml during save process.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9fb32d7a-0db5-e988-c655-3e8045d49c7b.md">WriteSequenceElement</a></td>
<td>Write sequence details to xml during save process.</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="110eca9a-4bff-9c5b-a1b8-20a5d477a9f9.md">ActiveCellChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the active cell value has changed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="20913523-e0e5-0052-2578-c9a075b9eb85.md">ActivePageChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the active page value has changed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e981fa4c-6891-29e6-452b-e418b6c76e6b.md">AfterPageDrag</a></td>
<td>Occurs after a page drag operation has finished/aborted.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackColor property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackgroundImage property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageLayoutChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the BackgroundImageLayout property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="110b788c-a5ec-3375-8f21-3172de0faebf.md">BeforePageDrag</a></td>
<td>Occurs just before a page drag operation is started.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BindingContext property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidationChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the CausesValidation property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1a75a268-ed41-77fe-f3b7-1c552a442822.md">CellCountChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs after the number of cells has changed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="336a70c4-70c8-bfb0-4164-c304dbb5db30.md">CellVisibleCountChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs after the number of visible cells has changed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ChangeUICues</td>
<td>Occurs when the focus or keyboard user interface (UI) cues change.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Click</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is clicked.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ClientSize property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ContextMenuStrip property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlAdded</td>
<td>Occurs when a new control is added to the Control.ControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlRemoved</td>
<td>Occurs when a control is removed from the Control.ControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CursorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Cursor property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DataContext property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DockChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Dock property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is double-clicked.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DpiChangedAfterParent</td>
<td>Occurs when the DPI setting for a control is changed programmatically after the DPI of its parent control or form has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DpiChangedBeforeParent</td>
<td>Occurs when the DPI setting for a control is changed programmatically before a DPI change event for its parent control or form has occurred.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragDrop</td>
<td>Occurs when a drag-and-drop operation is completed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged into the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged out of the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragOver</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged over the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EnabledChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Enabled property value has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enter</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is entered.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Font property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ForeColor property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GiveFeedback</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="14578b9f-bc6c-3fa2-7834-6d578822c900.md">GlobalLoading</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the workspace information is loading.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd639b98-0c85-56ee-52ac-a8cf8d20b6f6.md">GlobalPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the Global palette changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1952528b-d80b-edb6-e516-1b94c982c57c.md">GlobalSaving</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the workspace information is saving.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GotFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the control receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HandleCreated</td>
<td>Occurs when a handle is created for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HandleDestroyed</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's handle is in the process of being destroyed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HelpRequested</td>
<td>Occurs when the user requests help for a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ImeMode property has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b50ea3f9-fb41-0c29-e2ca-a896ab2ed31c.md">Initialized</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the control is initialized.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5c5ff5e3-fe1b-f0f9-8390-4002a4bee52d.md">VisualContainerControl</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidated</td>
<td>Occurs when a control's display requires redrawing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyDown</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is pressed while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyPress</td>
<td>Occurs when a character. space or backspace key is pressed while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyUp</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is released while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Layout</td>
<td>Occurs when a control should reposition its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Leave</td>
<td>Occurs when the input focus leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LocationChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Location property value has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LostFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the control loses focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MarginChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's margin changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b8d2028f-2950-8e69-292c-6f3e200ad759.md">MaximizedCellChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the maximized cell value has changed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseCaptureChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control loses mouse capture.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is clicked by the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is double clicked by the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDown</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the control and a mouse button is pressed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer enters the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseHover</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer rests on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseMove</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is moved over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseUp</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the control and a mouse button is released.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseWheel</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse wheel moves while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Move</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is moved.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PaddingChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's padding changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1fb41a3f-1d83-a974-98d3-4d2053c92ce7.md">PageDrop</a></td>
<td>Occurs when a page is being dropped.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a0ec6502-e8de-27c0-74d6-66fff99d7289.md">PageLoading</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the workspace cell page information is loading.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="985f4d80-e34b-1a77-0864-23f552913f89.md">PageSaving</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the workspace cell page information is saving.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ff464f44-997a-f8d5-6ede-7e1cfec0780e.md">PagesUnmatched</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the loading process have completed and there are unmatched pages.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Paint</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is redrawn.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="238d4bc4-cf81-abc8-9f6b-61dbc8e1debd.md">PaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the palette changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ParentChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Parent property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreviewKeyDown</td>
<td>Occurs before the KeyDown event when a key is pressed while focus is on this control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryAccessibilityHelp</td>
<td>Occurs when AccessibleObject is providing help to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag-and-drop operation and enables the drag source to determine whether the drag-and-drop operation should be canceled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="045850d1-25a5-67dc-74c1-339a3296bdcc.md">RecreateLoadingPage</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the workspace cell page is loading but there is no existing matching page.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RegionChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Region property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Resize</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the RightToLeft property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Scroll</td>
<td>Occurs when the user or code scrolls through the client area.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Size property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control style changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SystemColorsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the system colors change.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndexChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the TabIndex property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStopChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the TabStop property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Text property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validated</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is finished validating.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validating</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is validating.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VisibleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Visible property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6623bab8-53a2-22db-03a4-043c99f88502.md">WorkspaceCellAdding</a></td>
<td>Occurs when a new KryptonWorkspaceCell instance is about to be added to the workspace.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="53d4c2cb-10da-293b-bf9d-2c6a64f7ff47.md">WorkspaceCellRemoved</a></td>
<td>Occurs when an existing KryptonWorkspaceCell instance has been removed from the workspace.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="0dbf488f-9676-a1e5-a949-1b4bcea03d52.md">Krypton.Workspace Namespace</a>  
