# NavigatorOutlook Class


Storage for outlook mode related properties.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Navigator (in Krypton.Navigator.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class NavigatorOutlook : Storage
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class NavigatorOutlook
	Inherits Storage
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>  →  NavigatorOutlook</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="c3e5c642-cf23-9a88-67e9-29beb095c179.md">NavigatorOutlook</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the NavigatorOutlook class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="be368bd4-3354-5835-ad55-68b74a1c1bb3.md">BorderEdgeStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border edge style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="23777819-8180-056e-6807-8ab202a015a4.md">CheckButtonStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the check button style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8be45356-17ed-de19-aeb9-5038d14d740b.md">Full</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets settings appropriate for the Outlook - Full mode.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7d84c90c-8efb-63e2-9823-7f4706648452.md">HeaderSecondaryVisible</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the secondary header visiblity when in Outlook mode.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b5e99c49-3f36-4f92-5f34-28bf974ba382.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all values are default.<br />(Overrides <a href="bbc0e831-9474-3bce-65dc-0625d793d8c1.md">Storage.IsDefault</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c41a4ac5-f04b-e146-d828-9783f4581462.md">ItemOrientation</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the orientation for positioning items in the stack.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="438d5c7d-863f-a965-79ac-407fc19b2515.md">Mini</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets settings appropriate for the Outlook - Mini mode.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="097a0f47-e60c-4bf7-802c-8391c6d8feff.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="879ca7f2-32c5-8581-44f2-c7aee6491db2.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8a039689-c92e-fb20-7d99-0b21b314d2d6.md">Orientation</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the orientation for positioning stack and overflow items.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="321510e3-25e9-5af4-7f9a-73eb36e633a9.md">OverflowButtonStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the outlook overflow button style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="15f9d463-a06c-b3a1-20cb-204117a2a724.md">ShowDropDownButton</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the visibility of the drop down button on the Outlook overflow bar.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bbf6fac7-f34f-277f-069a-ba21e31ab6e7.md">TextAddRemoveButtons</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text to use when asking if buttons should be shown/hidden in Outlook mode.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2fab36ae-dbcf-5680-799b-172ac7788332.md">TextFewerButtons</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text to use when asking if fewer buttons should be shown in Outlook mode.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a7c9eb6e-ab01-53c9-eeca-9a756d5db27e.md">TextMoreButtons</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text to use when asking if more buttons should be shown in Outlook mode.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="66d6d693-b7b8-9a09-62bc-8c32e7ce917f.md">ResetHeaderSecondaryVisible</a></td>
<td>Resets the HeaderSecondaryVisible property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b1b8b97c-b9cc-20f8-db7a-2a4dcee9b227.md">ResetItemOrientation</a></td>
<td>Resets the ItemOrientation property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19de35b7-5ef2-cb4d-0b32-051ec6b9a012.md">ResetOrientation</a></td>
<td>Resets the Orientation property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5455e1ad-48f2-6812-bc8a-acf2d6e774da.md">ResetShowDropDownButton</a></td>
<td>Resets the ShowDropDownButton property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ac7b50cc-0595-a495-fa49-8b617feddb8c.md">ResetTextAddRemoveButtons</a></td>
<td>Resets the TextAddRemoveButtons property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="417d9e53-c33b-a7d6-c61f-219993b794da.md">ResetTextFewerButtons</a></td>
<td>Resets the TextFewerButtons property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="38194cf8-c921-6d42-a5ad-7e8ea55e745c.md">ResetTextMoreButtons</a></td>
<td>Resets the TextMoreButtons property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
