# KryptonDataGridViewDateTimePickerCell Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the DataGridViewCell.DataGridViewCellAccessibleObject assigned to the DataGridViewCell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="72ca8fc1-8efa-c587-5e73-8a0a1cd8c040.md">AutoShift</a></td>
<td>The AutoShift property replicates the one from the KryptonDateTimePicker control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2f924dbf-c7a7-defb-a0ab-7cd54f7b1587.md">CalendarCloseOnTodayClick</a></td>
<td>The CalendarCloseOnTodayClick property replicates the one from the KryptonDateTimePicker control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d607c5b3-82bf-821c-40d2-4692bcc4a401.md">CalendarDimensions</a></td>
<td>The CalendarDimensions property replicates the one from the KryptonDateTimePicker control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b0f47924-d6fe-eb39-6469-1ae9d60d7af8.md">CalendarFirstDayOfWeek</a></td>
<td>The CalendarFirstDayOfWeek property replicates the one from the KryptonDateTimePicker control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ebbf30aa-9971-41ad-e2a3-e49330be38d1.md">CalendarShowToday</a></td>
<td>The CalendarShowToday property replicates the one from the KryptonDateTimePicker control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="09b1a155-74b2-923e-7dce-aea99c868671.md">CalendarShowTodayCircle</a></td>
<td>The CalendarShowTodayCircle property replicates the one from the KryptonDateTimePicker control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7f27bcf1-8fed-65e3-258a-0c5c74d263ac.md">CalendarShowWeekNumbers</a></td>
<td>The CalendarShowWeekNumbers property replicates the one from the KryptonDateTimePicker control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0ed65d63-42a4-353f-243a-7966ebec84c5.md">CalendarTodayDate</a></td>
<td>The CalendarTodayDate property replicates the one from the KryptonDateTimePicker control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2909b17d-45f6-5b25-5769-0a62c841aba1.md">CalendarTodayText</a></td>
<td>The CalendarTodayText property replicates the one from the KryptonDateTimePicker control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8f10455a-bd31-675b-a9ca-0030a17c2bcf.md">Checked</a></td>
<td>The Checked property replicates the one from the KryptonDateTimePicker control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnIndex</td>
<td>Gets the column index for this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContentBounds</td>
<td>Gets the bounding rectangle that encloses the cell's content area.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStrip</td>
<td>Gets or sets the shortcut menu associated with the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cbd35c09-c7b6-d22f-4318-a2878c043faa.md">CustomFormat</a></td>
<td>The CustomFormat property replicates the one from the KryptonDateTimePicker control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9a73341b-0a74-dad1-0e93-d02eca6c047e.md">CustomNullText</a></td>
<td>The CustomNullText property replicates the one from the KryptonDateTimePicker control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataGridView</td>
<td>Gets the DataGridView control associated with this element.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultNewRowValue</td>
<td>Gets the default value for a cell in the row for new records.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Displayed</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the cell is currently displayed on-screen.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EditedFormattedValue</td>
<td>Gets the current, formatted value of the cell, regardless of whether the cell is in edit mode and the value has not been committed.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81414e91-045e-77b2-c73e-02e24e5c16ef.md">EditType</a></td>
<td>Define the type of the cell's editing control<br />(Overrides DataGridViewCell.EditType)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ErrorIconBounds</td>
<td>Gets the bounds of the error icon for the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ErrorText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the text describing an error condition associated with the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5d51a239-666e-d319-85b6-577330a48f71.md">Format</a></td>
<td>The Format property replicates the one from the KryptonDateTimePicker control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FormattedValue</td>
<td>Gets the value of the cell as formatted for display.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FormattedValueType</td>
<td>Gets the type of the formatted value associated with the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewTextBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Frozen</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the cell is frozen.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasStyle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the Style property has been set.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InheritedState</td>
<td>Gets the current state of the cell as inherited from the state of its row and column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InheritedStyle</td>
<td>Gets the style currently applied to the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInEditMode</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this cell is currently being edited.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0d312d6e-7235-6920-8c79-71c1baa185f6.md">MaxDate</a></td>
<td>The MaxDate property replicates the one from the KryptonDateTimePicker control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaxInputLength</td>
<td>Gets or sets the maximum number of characters that can be entered into the text box.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewTextBoxCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1d1f2a80-4cc1-4fa2-8ff6-d8c1c60487bf.md">MinDate</a></td>
<td>The MaxDate property replicates the one from the KryptonDateTimePicker control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OwningColumn</td>
<td>Gets the column that contains this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OwningRow</td>
<td>Gets the row that contains this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size, in pixels, of a rectangular area into which the cell can fit.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ReadOnly</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the cell's data can be edited.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Resizable</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the cell can be resized.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowIndex</td>
<td>Gets the index of the cell's parent row.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Selected</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the cell has been selected.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="82704ea8-71cc-cf09-b41c-2303953da75a.md">ShowCheckBox</a></td>
<td>The ShowCheckBox property replicates the one from the KryptonDateTimePicker control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a828b809-c167-dd65-d0cf-debdda5592e1.md">ShowUpDown</a></td>
<td>The ShowUpDown property replicates the one from the KryptonDateTimePicker control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets the size of the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>State</td>
<td>Gets the user interface (UI) state of the element.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Style</td>
<td>Gets or sets the style for the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains supplemental data about the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolTipText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ToolTip text associated with this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Value</td>
<td>Gets or sets the value associated with this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="af12b279-63b5-db03-d81d-e29699977b04.md">ValueType</a></td>
<td>Returns the type of the cell's Value property<br />(Overrides DataGridViewTextBoxCell.ValueType)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the cell is in a row or column that has been hidden.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="34112ab6-a50c-1ee4-c6eb-4a72b3b0542f.md">KryptonDataGridViewDateTimePickerCell Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
