# PaletteMetricInt Class


Specifies a integer type metric.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public sealed class PaletteMetricInt : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public NotInheritable Class PaletteMetricInt
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  PaletteMetricInt</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="808fc387-ae1d-ec52-f60f-bee4495113d3.md">BarButtonEdgeInside</a></td>
<td>Specifies the padding for buttons to the bar.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0ac4d64e-1069-09c9-0819-4e2749f86a19.md">BarButtonEdgeOutside</a></td>
<td>Specifies the padding from buttons to the outside control edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76051d1b-bd3e-5c67-c319-82be411b7a5c.md">CheckButtonGap</a></td>
<td>Specifies the spacing gap been each check button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e5e95ba5-ade2-f534-91c1-4afa13aec119.md">HeaderButtonEdgeInsetCalendar</a></td>
<td>Specifies how far to inset a button on a calendar header.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a2e69eeb-929e-deea-258a-6eabe30b887e.md">HeaderButtonEdgeInsetCustom1</a></td>
<td>Specifies how far to inset a button on a custom1 header.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6f41a476-0653-29c8-7f0a-7fd6a58a90bd.md">HeaderButtonEdgeInsetCustom2</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9f793f2a-419d-93fa-f840-57a9743c5a5c.md">HeaderButtonEdgeInsetCustom3</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3ce5a935-3aec-ae34-8190-312cc45eac19.md">HeaderButtonEdgeInsetDockActive</a></td>
<td>Specifies how far to inset a button on an active dock header.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="26a21465-d507-24e2-fe50-751c40bc45e1.md">HeaderButtonEdgeInsetDockInactive</a></td>
<td>Specifies how far to inset a button on an inactive dock header.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b400d783-b9a7-1a10-2143-1644b9689f5d.md">HeaderButtonEdgeInsetForm</a></td>
<td>Specifies how far to inset a button on a main form header.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="52fb3f8a-cada-55e3-7999-e15bde3c8c82.md">HeaderButtonEdgeInsetInputControl</a></td>
<td>Specifies how far to inset a button on a input control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3967df46-c0c4-6fae-4053-1a593c0d6d9e.md">HeaderButtonEdgeInsetPrimary</a></td>
<td>Specifies how far to inset a button on a primary header.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="50758a57-40bb-bcfe-bbcf-96a6077a7710.md">HeaderButtonEdgeInsetSecondary</a></td>
<td>Specifies how far to inset a button on a secondary header.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cdd9e6c0-7ca0-5572-40c1-20b9986348d4.md">None</a></td>
<td>Specifies that no integer metric is required.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="92ddba67-e55f-ab8c-67a2-d72f1affbca1.md">PageButtonInset</a></td>
<td>Specifies the padding from buttons to the page header content.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e303d959-b4c5-9eef-a535-4cc2e6041a79.md">RibbonTabGap</a></td>
<td>Specifies the spacing gap been each ribbon tab.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0c318721-d8e8-ef7a-ca2a-ec0cc3a8dc1d.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
