# PaletteButtonOrientation Class


Specifies the orientation of a button specification.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public sealed class PaletteButtonOrientation : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public NotInheritable Class PaletteButtonOrientation
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  PaletteButtonOrientation</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="a5f0927e-3081-eb8a-e70e-af398f64f4b2.md">Auto</a></td>
<td>Specifies orientation should automatically match the concept of use.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a38518f9-bea6-7b9d-fa8d-8aa4d9f3c78a.md">FixedBottom</a></td>
<td>Specifies the button is orientated in a vertical bottom upwards manner.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d5731d59-594a-19ef-ad16-a209921b6783.md">FixedLeft</a></td>
<td>Specifies the button is orientated in a horizontal left to right manner.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ca533c42-fc33-1cf1-edce-64749843d550.md">FixedRight</a></td>
<td>Specifies the button is orientated in a horizontal right to left manner.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="820f43be-c5cd-b705-d508-6e1035d69315.md">FixedTop</a></td>
<td>Specifies the button is orientated in a vertical top down manner.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="27241ced-468b-7edb-e0c5-bf4c642d8843.md">Inherit</a></td>
<td>Specifies orientation should be inherited.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f812d9ac-2bdc-40b8-d73f-d55b15a74c09.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
