# KryptonStorePage Class


Acts as a placeholder for a KryptonPage so that it can be restored to this location at a later time.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="98399376-cf41-9454-4b4d-4fab2ca20bc7.md">Krypton.Docking</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Docking (in Krypton.Docking.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+build2023-10-14T12:58:55:711Z

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonStorePage : KryptonPage
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonStorePage
	Inherits KryptonPage
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  Control  →  ScrollableControl  →  Panel  →  <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>  →  <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>  →  KryptonStorePage</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="434295dc-73d8-881a-7775-cce4cf913a39.md">KryptonStorePage</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonStorePage class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can accept data that the user drags onto it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4a79da14-c971-4935-f564-72370ce497ad.md">AutoHiddenSlideSize</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the preferred size for the page when inside an auto hidden slide panel.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScroll</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the container enables the user to scroll to any controls placed outside of its visible boundaries.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollMargin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size of the auto-scroll margin.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollMinSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the minimum size of the auto-scroll.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollPosition</td>
<td>Gets or sets the location of the auto-scroll position.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8875aba6-bc45-ca37-4611-8f4d57224726.md">BackColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background color for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6466ec22-4514-ace7-0fea-b737c79488a7.md">BackgroundImage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9ada4c8e-6559-7da0-efa8-40af878813c1.md">BackgroundImageLayout</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image layout.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BorderStyle</td>
<td>Indicates the border style for the control.<br />(Inherited from Panel)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="869d4b87-1758-188f-3b47-e767f64671f1.md">ButtonSpecs</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of button specifications.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e7eada63-a540-6de0-ddb4-02ff44fc23c2.md">ContextMenuStrip</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the ContextMenuStrip associated with this control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Controls</td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateParams</td>
<td>Gets the required creation parameters when the control handle is created.<br />(Inherited from Panel)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4938c07a-3b07-b71c-048d-60d82735c9c9.md">DefaultSize</a></td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the virtual display area of the control.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="178ddf1a-6969-5f7b-64c2-acb595773be2.md">EvalInvokePaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to use Invoke to force a repaint.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3d1a9080-af4c-1e14-5e15-803e1282d03b.md">Flags</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the set of page flags.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focused</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a6dbc4c7-9726-f3ce-32d8-68a8e372f9f7.md">Font</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the font of the text displayed by the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5215b020-6f6a-6b71-c38b-fe3b082c1208.md">ForeColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the foreground color for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HorizontalScroll</td>
<td>Gets the characteristics associated with the horizontal scroll bar.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HScroll</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the horizontal scroll bar is visible.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6e828964-013c-99db-6dc4-a34d7c4c538d.md">ImageLarge</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the large image for the page.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="245bbdbe-6744-29a9-6e60-1cf4333d3c2d.md">ImageMedium</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the medium image for the page.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b89c66ff-5887-5fba-8460-82f39dd6e910.md">ImageSmall</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the small image for the page.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="36df9f71-b3ef-bcee-1ff6-a8752d5f10be.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the KryptonContextMenu to show when right clicked.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f38963ca-0d33-0220-be0a-91a23718eebb.md">KryptonParentContainer</a></td>
<td>Gets the Krypton control that is acting as the parent.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c8f334e5-6823-765f-f6a9-79b46348fdf8.md">LastVisibleSet</a></td>
<td>As a placeholder this page is never visible.<br />(Overrides <a href="8dc92f52-d32e-72da-db35-28b3d80156f7.md">KryptonPage.LastVisibleSet</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the upper limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the lower limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e7c0b929-ecf9-b1e6-1cb5-6c4491f59554.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fa7d578f-3852-d1f2-c02a-791ce8f03a87.md">NeedTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if transparent paint is needed<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="27d0c572-0db3-4aea-15a7-c18828e3eb9c.md">OverrideFocus</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the focus page appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets padding within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bb0f8bad-869a-f774-031f-8a4422ed5b78.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e1f3cf8f-ad62-8fe4-45ec-ebdf0ce43667.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71f78b7b-4b33-fecf-fae5-43688c9f2068.md">Redirector</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the palette redirector.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c5a12159-5c3b-831b-ed7a-d45298d73d49.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="639330d4-9e5e-462a-a721-0964d285e1d5.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common page appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4c3810db-8722-d3d7-50bb-0179c7db37b6.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled page appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c3d2f830-7f33-6639-ccac-7e7c0b92a268.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal page appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a9490a1b-066e-6771-ed13-904f6ac6a681.md">StatePressed</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the pressed page appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c13e8fd5-3492-e3a9-320b-7c7075b816a4.md">StateSelected</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the selected page appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9c925676-ac58-72f1-1e75-7eca943a7d7e.md">StateTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the tracking page appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2de87dc5-f586-91f2-3afd-16a0d162c842.md">StoreName</a></td>
<td>Gets the storgate name associated with this page.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can give the focus to this control using the TAB key.<br />(Inherited from Panel)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9276f60e-a7b7-0703-3bb1-7488b5fa8b39.md">Text</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the page text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e2c523dd-3e46-5936-f978-59fbc69d0ae4.md">TextDescription</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the description text for the page.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e9cf933-fd76-be23-7497-75b702fe3f7d.md">TextTitle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the title text for the page.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4f2f631e-2046-28e0-9baf-bda048ce7390.md">ToolTipBody</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the page tooltip body text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="73712f22-9e1b-a07c-1254-64959b28091e.md">ToolTipImage</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the page tooltip image.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f68b582d-82cb-9160-d620-cc7dae63ce22.md">ToolTipImageTransparentColor</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the tooltip image transparent color.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="88436469-0e27-bff0-ef9f-9841ceb71e78.md">ToolTipShadow</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the tooltip label style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="622166e3-8f43-4202-32f2-ae916e49de82.md">ToolTipStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the tooltip label style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3d1212a3-54e9-8d21-ff1f-fdd7a916b8d0.md">ToolTipTitle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the page tooltip title text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e9ac2dbd-8804-3b21-151c-68fd7cf9e2c0.md">TransparentParent</a></td>
<td>Gets the control reference that is the parent for transparent drawing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="58ec96ac-f468-4aa3-febe-ce9d797aa6c3.md">UniqueName</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the unique name of the page.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VerticalScroll</td>
<td>Gets the characteristics associated with the vertical scroll bar.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5be2b5af-b6a2-49f7-8361-cd12313a05c6.md">ViewManager</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ViewManager instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VScroll</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the vertical scroll bar is visible.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyClients(AccessibleEvents, Int32)</td>
<td>Notifies the accessibility client applications of the specified AccessibleEvents for the specified child control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyClients(AccessibleEvents, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Notifies the accessibility client applications of the specified AccessibleEvents for the specified child control .<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AdjustFormScrollbars</td>
<td>Adjusts the scroll bars on the container based on the current control positions and the control currently selected.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="87095241-b29a-3b9d-a955-95b7009b40ae.md">AreFlagsSet</a></td>
<td>Are all the provided flags set to true.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7baa01ff-214b-64e3-95b5-91c1347fab2d.md">BeginInit</a></td>
<td>Signals the object that initialization is starting.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously with the specified arguments, on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BringToFront</td>
<td>Brings the control to the front of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="286f063f-6c2f-a5d0-e0b2-27bd651d1dca.md">ClearFlags</a></td>
<td>Sets all the provided flags to false.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Contains</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating whether the specified control is a child of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="551310c9-64b8-b491-6166-636810cb2ee5.md">ContextMenuClosed</a></td>
<td>Called when a context menu has just been closed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateAccessibilityInstance</td>
<td>Creates a new AccessibleObject for this Panel instance. The AccessibleObject instance returned by this method supports ControlType UIA property.<br />(Inherited from Panel)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateControl</td>
<td>Forces the creation of the visible control, including the creation of the handle and any visible child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateControlsInstance</td>
<td>Creates a new instance of the control collection for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateGraphics</td>
<td>Creates the Graphics for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateHandle</td>
<td>Creates a handle for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="892d80f1-feeb-d900-6ac0-f76692ade502.md">CreateToolStripRenderer</a></td>
<td>Create a tool strip renderer appropriate for the current renderer/palette pair.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">

VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefWndProc</td>
<td>Sends the specified message to the default window procedure.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DestroyHandle</td>
<td>Destroys the handle associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6fe314d7-36dc-ed97-57e8-816db2e6950a.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Clean up any resources being used.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects)</td>
<td>Begins a drag-and-drop operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects, Bitmap, Point, Boolean)</td>
<td>Begins a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DrawToBitmap</td>
<td>Supports rendering to the specified bitmap.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f49413a-d2bd-084b-6edb-52d5fb12dd6f.md">EndInit</a></td>
<td>Signals the object that initialization is complete.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EndInvoke</td>
<td>Retrieves the return value of the asynchronous operation represented by the IAsyncResult passed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1c961a87-657d-3ea6-2ce8-e635a1c79a24.md">EvalTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to paint transparent areas.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindForm</td>
<td>Retrieves the form that the control is on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focus</td>
<td>Sets input focus to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetAccessibilityObjectById</td>
<td>Retrieves the specified AccessibleObject.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating how a control will behave when its AutoSize() property is enabled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point, GetChildAtPointSkip)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates, specifying whether to ignore child controls of a certain type.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetContainerControl</td>
<td>Returns the next ContainerControl up the control's chain of parent controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e94cd9a7-373a-d609-e354-aa85ebcb93d3.md">GetImageMapping</a></td>
<td>Gets the image that matches the mapping request.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetNextControl</td>
<td>Retrieves the next control forward or back in the tab order of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPreferredSize</td>
<td>Retrieves the size of a rectangular area into which a control can be fitted.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetScaledBounds</td>
<td>Retrieves the bounds within which the control is scaled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetScrollState</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified flag has been set.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStyle</td>
<td>Retrieves the value of the specified control style bit for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0dd1500-036b-24d5-c88e-f942d7501dd3.md">GetTextMapping</a></td>
<td>Gets the string that matches the mapping request.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTopLevel</td>
<td>Determines if the control is a top-level control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Hide</td>
<td>Conceals the control from the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitLayout</td>
<td>Called after the control has been added to another container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate()</td>
<td>Invalidates the entire surface of the control and causes the control to be redrawn.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates a specific region of the control and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate, on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle, with the specified list of arguments.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(T)(Func(T))</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeGotFocus</td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeLostFocus</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeOnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokePaint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokePaintBackground</td>
<td>Raises the PaintBackground event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputChar</td>
<td>Determines if a character is an input character that the control recognizes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputKey</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified key is a regular input key or a special key that requires preprocessing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Int32)</td>
<td>Converts a Logical DPI value to its equivalent DeviceUnit DPI value.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Size)</td>
<td>Transforms a size from logical to device units by scaling it for the current DPI and rounding down to the nearest integer value for width and height.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NotifyInvalidate</td>
<td>Raises the Invalidated event with a specified region of the control to invalidate.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4c8ff855-3d1b-6084-ff4a-647f97b04b9e.md">OnAppearancePropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the AppearancePropertyChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a524a759-84f9-3f82-10c5-502a1b0a03b6.md">OnAutoHiddenSlideSizeChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the AutoHiddenSlideSizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAutoSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AutoSizeChanged() event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundImageLayoutChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageLayoutChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="36742f9c-9429-fe65-7f43-bb9f6e407ddd.md">OnButtonSpecChanged</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette storage of a button spec change.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCausesValidationChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CausesValidationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnChangeUICues</td>
<td>Raises the ChangeUICues event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClientSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ClientSizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ContextMenuStripChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnControlAdded</td>
<td>Raises the ControlAdded event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnControlRemoved</td>
<td>Raises the ControlRemoved event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="631a8dae-6e8a-7c16-7658-2e4d9182a172.md">OnCreateControl</a></td>
<td>The OnCreateControl method is called when the control is first created.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCursorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CursorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataContextChanged</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="764f376b-8987-9dc9-6fe5-0c2ce2d4ffa0.md">OnDockChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the DockChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDockChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the DockChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1d5034f0-2ec5-4080-818a-42749308fb3e.md">OnDoubleClick(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the DoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDoubleClick(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the DoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChangedAfterParent</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChangedAfterParent event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChangedBeforeParent</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChangedBeforeParent event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragDrop</td>
<td>Raises the DragDrop event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragEnter</td>
<td>Raises the DragEnter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragLeave</td>
<td>Raises the DragLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragOver</td>
<td>Raises the DragOver event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="07d9aa09-509a-0a24-edac-02001f42d845.md">OnEnabledChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnabledChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnter</td>
<td>Raises the Enter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="04f02614-3767-0e04-93ab-481ec519b854.md">OnFlagsChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the FlagsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGiveFeedback</td>
<td>Raises the GiveFeedback event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f9302fc2-2dc7-219f-3171-dbc401c5864b.md">OnGotFocus(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGotFocus(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleCreated</td>
<td>Raises the HandleCreated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleDestroyed</td>
<td>Raises the HandleDestroyed event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHelpRequested</td>
<td>Raises the HelpRequested event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnImeModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ImeModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b8f63f39-6fd7-3da6-e29c-8e13eaedb53f.md">OnInitialized</a></td>
<td>Raises the Initialized event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnInvalidated</td>
<td>Raises the Invalidated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19b8dc61-7868-7f7f-5f5b-f7536cc174f3.md">OnKeyDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dc2ef884-898f-23a7-5b77-283a318c9af0.md">OnKeyPress</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyPress event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bdb91403-6254-f7eb-8957-cbdeae58b1fb.md">OnKeyUp</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyUp event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d51d4248-0d84-8dd8-868f-2892bf7bd8ff.md">OnLayout</a></td>
<td>Raises the Layout event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLeave</td>
<td>Raises the Leave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="29cda0f4-f032-0df9-0201-a603a386fa7c.md">OnLoad</a></td>
<td>Raises the Load event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9bf98508-f5d4-b502-fea5-73decea94604.md">OnLocationChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the LocationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLocationChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the LocationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="97cb4684-6e0c-796b-8fac-74c69a00b7f1.md">OnLostFocus(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLostFocus(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMarginChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MarginChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseCaptureChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MouseCaptureChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseClick</td>
<td>Raises the MouseClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the MouseDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f538e725-c975-3d4c-8648-59b16796920b.md">OnMouseDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseDown event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseEnter</td>
<td>Raises the MouseEnter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseHover</td>
<td>Raises the MouseHover event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="79e8ecee-aa4c-caa2-d7b3-63f0821a4d43.md">OnMouseLeave(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseLeave(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8007e29c-5eff-1e23-7142-26f5f30df192.md">OnMouseMove</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseMove event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8fc916f2-1067-3415-96fb-219413eb77f7.md">OnMouseUp</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseUp event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseWheel</td>
<td>Raises the MouseWheel event.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMove</td>
<td>Raises the Move event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5333363c-2ab0-6ab9-d989-48429ce5d743.md">OnNeedDisabledPaint</a></td>
<td>Processes the need for a repaint for the disabled palette values.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b102982b-6055-ab1b-7620-2b677d514281.md">OnNeedNormalPaint</a></td>
<td>Processes the need for a repaint for the enabled palette values.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9a6418f3-9032-b5cf-ed0b-f3a3e9c812d7.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette storage of a paint and optional layout required.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnNotifyMessage</td>
<td>Notifies the control of Windows messages.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaddingChanged</td>
<td>Raises the PaddingChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f4e1e1a2-05f0-7e53-fade-62db27849d2d.md">OnPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaintBackground</td>
<td>Paints the background of the control.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5ac0fbea-dd2d-6432-4801-1825e43c0322.md">OnPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PaletteChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event when the BackColor property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event when the BackgroundImage property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event when the BindingContext property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ParentChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentCursorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CursorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentDataContextChanged</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentEnabledChanged</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event when the Enabled property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event when the Font property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event when the ForeColor property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentRightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event when the RightToLeft property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event when the Visible property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPreviewKeyDown</td>
<td>Raises the PreviewKeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPrint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnQueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Raises the QueryContinueDrag event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRegionChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RegionChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnResize</td>
<td>Fires the event indicating that the panel has been resized. Inheriting controls should use this in favor of actually listening to the event, but should still call base.onResize to ensure that the event is fired for external listeners.<br />(Inherited from Panel)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d256f3cf-1ad7-3c40-7d1d-451fdee0237a.md">OnRightToLeftChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRightToLeftChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnScroll</td>
<td>Raises the Scroll event.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the StyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSystemColorsChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SystemColorsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6e001948-da3a-9acf-285b-dbdfadf10e6c.md">OnTabIndexChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the TabIndexChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTabIndexChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the TabIndexChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="518f453a-a4d8-7a89-a753-06368b7067dd.md">OnTabStopChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the TabStopChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTabStopChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the TabStopChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidated</td>
<td>Raises the Validated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidating</td>
<td>Raises the Validating event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout()</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout(Control, String)</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8b80478e-c0c0-987a-adc6-dde9c515e109.md">PerformNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToClient</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified screen point into client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified client point into screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessControlMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bbf380d0-66e8-e7c4-b8f4-a42700500ac4.md">ProcessCmdKey</a></td>
<td>Processes a command key.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDialogChar</td>
<td>Processes a dialog character.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDialogKey</td>
<td>Processes a dialog key.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyEventArgs</td>
<td>Processes a key message and generates the appropriate control events.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyMessage</td>
<td>Processes a keyboard message.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyPreview</td>
<td>Previews a keyboard message.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessMnemonic</td>
<td>Processes a mnemonic character.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseDragEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate drag event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseKeyEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate key event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseMouseEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate mouse event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaisePaintEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreateHandle</td>
<td>Forces the re-creation of the handle for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToClient</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified screen rectangle in client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified client rectangle in screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Refresh</td>
<td>Forces the control to invalidate its client area and immediately redraw itself and any child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RescaleConstantsForDpi</td>
<td>Provides constants for rescaling the control when a DPI change occurs.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dc7874e5-6dc4-8fdb-3247-3d4564a7c36b.md">ResetImageLarge</a></td>
<td>Resets the ImageLarge property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="de375443-9279-0dcc-7222-c1647238bcf3.md">ResetImageMedium</a></td>
<td>Resets the ImageMedium property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b7a721b9-73a2-da45-9e09-136003c3820f.md">ResetImageSmall</a></td>
<td>Resets the ImageSmall property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4d673871-1c67-cf22-0821-15ee8bdef00a.md">ResetInherit</a></td>
<td>Reset the state palettes so they no longer inherit from external source.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResetMouseEventArgs</td>
<td>Resets the control to handle the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6dd21c9e-cf03-2327-a337-2fea5beea836.md">ResetPalette</a></td>
<td>Resets the Palette property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="59d310d1-ede1-a897-6ddd-1b1e8c59b886.md">ResetPaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Resets the PaletteMode property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResetText</td>
<td>Resets the Text property to its default value (Empty).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c4b7fcf2-c542-98b6-b885-667f99d48a64.md">ResetTextDescription</a></td>
<td>Resets the TextDescription property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dde15a93-d53d-82c4-6f27-b413904b9db0.md">ResetTextTitle</a></td>
<td>Resets the TextTitle property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="769997f9-fd8b-9787-6647-cd2a60b3df8a.md">ResetToolTipBody</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipBody property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5c523f73-dcf6-a904-9bcc-9df9df39a725.md">ResetToolTipImage</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipImage property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2768b224-1275-d583-2a8e-7facc2accee2.md">ResetToolTipImageTransparentColor</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipImageTransparentColor property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31d4f8b1-5625-2cfa-5f08-2ebcb5d432c4.md">ResetToolTipStyle</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipStyle property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5cf669f6-019e-8110-5594-9e614bdf213a.md">ResetToolTipTitle</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipTitle property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6418373b-12ef-0e60-7850-c2b1680e1552.md">ResetUniqueName</a></td>
<td>Resets the UniqueName property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout()</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout(Boolean)</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic, optionally forcing an immediate layout of pending layout requests.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(ContentAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified ContentAlignment to the appropriate ContentAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(HorizontalAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified HorizontalAlignment to the appropriate HorizontalAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(LeftRightAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified LeftRightAlignment to the appropriate LeftRightAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateContent</td>
<td>Converts the specified ContentAlignment to the appropriate ContentAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateHorizontal</td>
<td>Converts the specified HorizontalAlignment to the appropriate HorizontalAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateLeftRight</td>
<td>Converts the specified LeftRightAlignment to the appropriate LeftRightAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Scale</td>
<td>Scales the control and all child controls by the specified scaling factor.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleBitmapLogicalToDevice</td>
<td>Scales a logical bitmap value to it's equivalent device unit value when a DPI change occurs.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleControl</td>
<td>Scales a control's location, size, padding and margin.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScrollControlIntoView</td>
<td>Scrolls the specified child control into view on an auto-scroll enabled control.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScrollToControl</td>
<td>Calculates the scroll offset to the specified child control.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Select()</td>
<td>Activates the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Select(Boolean, Boolean)</td>
<td>Activates a child control. Optionally specifies the direction in the tab order to select the control from.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectNextControl</td>
<td>Activates the next control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SendToBack</td>
<td>Sends the control to the back of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetAutoScrollMargin</td>
<td>Sets the size of the auto-scroll margins.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Sets a value indicating how a control will behave when its AutoSize() property is enabled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Sets the bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, BoundsSpecified)</td>
<td>Sets the specified bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBoundsCore</td>
<td>Performs the work of setting the specified bounds of this control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetClientSizeCore</td>
<td>Sets the size of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetDisplayRectLocation</td>
<td>Positions the display window to the specified value.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0d493224-0754-557f-4c8e-858b51e5869b.md">SetFixedState</a></td>
<td>Fix the control to a particular palette state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5df15997-b09b-f4a0-ca2e-d22284f563eb.md">SetFlags</a></td>
<td>Set all the provided flags to true.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="35f55eb6-fab6-ac0a-c068-28df209fd782.md">SetInherit</a></td>
<td>Define the state to use when inheriting state values.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetScrollState</td>
<td>Sets the specified scroll state flag.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetStyle</td>
<td>Sets a specified ControlStyles flag to either true or false.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetTopLevel</td>
<td>Sets the control as the top-level control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ef20981f-39f7-e683-42c4-7906baa85e9c.md">SetVisibleCore</a></td>
<td>Sets the control to the specified visible state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Show</td>
<td>Displays the control to the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeFromClientSize</td>
<td>Determines the size of the entire control from the height and width of its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SuspendLayout</td>
<td>Temporarily suspends the layout logic for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="10985eb1-ecd3-085c-0861-885828e4ef1a.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Obtains the String representation of this instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Update</td>
<td>Causes the control to redraw the invalidated regions within its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds()</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the current size and location.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the specified size and location.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the specified size, location, and client size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d11aa330-f359-2892-26c0-dd827fa5b2e7.md">UpdateGlobalEvents</a></td>
<td>Update global event attachments.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateStyles</td>
<td>Forces the assigned styles to be reapplied to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateZOrder</td>
<td>Updates the control in its parent's z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="deffd410-919f-10ec-a1bb-01e80380d588.md">WndProc</a></td>
<td>Process Windows-based messages.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="61458af1-d958-b881-e694-f0ace6b23a40.md">AppearancePropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when an appearance specific page property has changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0693ef12-64af-e278-24e5-053ddac5b4ac.md">AutoHiddenSlideSizeChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the AutoHiddenSlideSize property has changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoSizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the AutoSize property has changed.<br />(Inherited from Panel)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackColor property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackgroundImage property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageLayoutChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the BackgroundImageLayout property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BindingContext property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidationChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the CausesValidation property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ChangeUICues</td>
<td>Occurs when the focus or keyboard user interface (UI) cues change.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Click</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is clicked.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ClientSize property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ContextMenuStrip property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlAdded</td>
<td>Occurs when a new control is added to the Control.ControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlRemoved</td>
<td>Occurs when a control is removed from the Control.ControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CursorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Cursor property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DataContext property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DockChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Dock property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is double-clicked.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DpiChangedAfterParent</td>
<td>Occurs when the DPI setting for a control is changed programmatically after the DPI of its parent control or form has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DpiChangedBeforeParent</td>
<td>Occurs when the DPI setting for a control is changed programmatically before a DPI change event for its parent control or form has occurred.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragDrop</td>
<td>Occurs when a drag-and-drop operation is completed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged into the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged out of the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragOver</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged over the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EnabledChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Enabled property value has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enter</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is entered.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a3349c21-2a77-683b-e796-450ac41d6ccf.md">FlagsChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the flags have changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Font property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ForeColor property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GiveFeedback</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f06c017d-516d-58da-cbe1-a0f834aa0077.md">GlobalPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the Global palette changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GotFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the control receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HandleCreated</td>
<td>Occurs when a handle is created for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HandleDestroyed</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's handle is in the process of being destroyed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HelpRequested</td>
<td>Occurs when the user requests help for a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ImeMode property has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5f263a29-0eb3-2836-a1d9-3b8ec9669672.md">Initialized</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the control is initialized.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidated</td>
<td>Occurs when a control's display requires redrawing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyDown</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is pressed while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyPress</td>
<td>Occurs when a character. space or backspace key is pressed while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyUp</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is released while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Layout</td>
<td>Occurs when a control should reposition its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Leave</td>
<td>Occurs when the input focus leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9c45260b-d2fb-e9f5-1bff-c2303b5cdca0.md">Load</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the control is loaded.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6152055e-8626-d35d-405b-6d965a03471a.md">KryptonPage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LocationChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Location property value has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LostFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the control loses focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MarginChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's margin changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseCaptureChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control loses mouse capture.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is clicked by the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is double clicked by the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDown</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the control and a mouse button is pressed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer enters the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseHover</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer rests on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseMove</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is moved over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseUp</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the control and a mouse button is released.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseWheel</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse wheel moves while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Move</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is moved.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PaddingChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's padding changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Paint</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is redrawn.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c251dc30-65e0-0376-464f-9c1aef7b246b.md">PaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the palette changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6fbc3d92-8b52-35e9-904e-553b5951491c.md">VisualPanel</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ParentChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Parent property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreviewKeyDown</td>
<td>Occurs before the KeyDown event when a key is pressed while focus is on this control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryAccessibilityHelp</td>
<td>Occurs when AccessibleObject is providing help to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag-and-drop operation and enables the drag source to determine whether the drag-and-drop operation should be canceled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RegionChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Region property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Resize</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the RightToLeft property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Scroll</td>
<td>Occurs when the user or code scrolls through the client area.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Size property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control style changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SystemColorsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the system colors change.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndexChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the TabIndex property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStopChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the TabStop property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Text property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validated</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is finished validating.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validating</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is validating.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VisibleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Visible property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="98399376-cf41-9454-4b4d-4fab2ca20bc7.md">Krypton.Docking Namespace</a>  
