# KryptonCheckSet.KryptonCheckButtonCollection Class


Manages a collection of KryptonCheckButton references.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonCheckButtonCollection : CollectionBase
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonCheckButtonCollection
	Inherits CollectionBase
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  CollectionBase  →  KryptonCheckSet.KryptonCheckButtonCollection</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="5dcb54ce-1419-df42-e36f-23add15cfafa.md">KryptonCheckSet.KryptonCheckButtonCollection</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonCheckButtonCollection class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>Capacity</td>
<td>Gets or sets the number of elements that the CollectionBase can contain.<br />(Inherited from CollectionBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Count</td>
<td>Gets the number of elements contained in the CollectionBase instance. This property cannot be overridden.<br />(Inherited from CollectionBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InnerList</td>
<td>Gets an ArrayList containing the list of elements in the CollectionBase instance.<br />(Inherited from CollectionBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b0783570-4f02-6695-3e71-7cc3366cad3e.md">Item</a></td>
<td>Gets the KryptonCheckButton at the specified index.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>List</td>
<td>Gets an IList containing the list of elements in the CollectionBase instance.<br />(Inherited from CollectionBase)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="cfc5ac89-4b4e-878c-4ce9-902c9aa058aa.md">Add</a></td>
<td>Adds the specifies KryptonCheckButton to the collection.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Clear</td>
<td>Removes all objects from the CollectionBase instance. This method cannot be overridden.<br />(Inherited from CollectionBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a9452bde-2153-89c8-5e8b-a346a80536c2.md">Contains</a></td>
<td>Determines whether a KryptonCheckButton is in the collection.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetEnumerator</td>
<td>Returns an enumerator that iterates through the CollectionBase instance.<br />(Inherited from CollectionBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b6f7c0a4-1895-4635-58b2-621260f52b03.md">IndexOf</a></td>
<td>Returns the index of the KryptonCheckButton reference.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="baeb67b7-139b-b3dd-ad24-dd5cded3bf55.md">Insert</a></td>
<td>Inserts a KryptonCheckButton reference into the collection at the specified location.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f7c9f2e2-1d45-2076-084f-9dbe136c825d.md">OnClear</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the collection is about to be cleared.<br />(Overrides CollectionBase.OnClear())</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClearComplete</td>
<td>Performs additional custom processes after clearing the contents of the CollectionBase instance.<br />(Inherited from CollectionBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnInsert</td>
<td>Performs additional custom processes before inserting a new element into the CollectionBase instance.<br />(Inherited from CollectionBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="089d5feb-ec12-2dc2-9199-161854a0e1d4.md">OnInsertComplete</a></td>
<td>Occurs when a new entry has been added to the collection.<br />(Overrides CollectionBase.OnInsertComplete(Int32, Object))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRemove</td>
<td>Performs additional custom processes when removing an element from the CollectionBase instance.<br />(Inherited from CollectionBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3de3cf7a-9765-6295-1219-ea92282d64a9.md">OnRemoveComplete</a></td>
<td>Occurs when an entry has been removed from the collection.<br />(Overrides CollectionBase.OnRemoveComplete(Int32, Object))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSet</td>
<td>Performs additional custom processes before setting a value in the CollectionBase instance.<br />(Inherited from CollectionBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7ef4b2f3-3c69-3798-34fc-5c4b5960ede0.md">OnSetComplete</a></td>
<td>Occurs when a index has a value replaced.<br />(Overrides CollectionBase.OnSetComplete(Int32, Object, Object))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidate</td>
<td>Performs additional custom processes when validating a value.<br />(Inherited from CollectionBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="48caade7-d9ee-558b-eb54-63da19a1af03.md">Remove</a></td>
<td>Removes a KryptonCheckButton from the collection.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RemoveAt</td>
<td>Removes the element at the specified index of the CollectionBase instance. This method is not overridable.<br />(Inherited from CollectionBase)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
