# KryptonPaletteTMSMenu Class


Storage for menu entries of the professional color table.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonPaletteTMSMenu : KryptonPaletteTMSBase
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonPaletteTMSMenu
	Inherits KryptonPaletteTMSBase
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>  →  <a href="63ad22d3-cc18-6967-c543-6728353357a3.md">KryptonPaletteTMSBase</a>  →  KryptonPaletteTMSMenu</td></tr>
</table>



## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="29c2c45f-06f2-abdc-5b70-568b256bf6e5.md">ImageMarginGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the starting color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19b64bc6-6ce4-e298-7d61-36d2a173f56e.md">ImageMarginGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ending color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="272861fa-339c-241a-db87-037c5e8fc7d3.md">ImageMarginGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the middle color color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="17475e8c-1cb7-a0f4-c774-e41ba3607505.md">ImageMarginRevealedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the starting color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu when an item is revealed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="358a7348-9403-fdca-d43c-91cc674316bf.md">ImageMarginRevealedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ending color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu when an item is revealed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="30a20c80-05f1-d282-df24-508d11cb8835.md">ImageMarginRevealedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the middle color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu when an item is revealed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bbb846df-ead4-f73e-0b2e-9330a44832b2.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all values are default.<br />(Overrides <a href="bbc0e831-9474-3bce-65dc-0625d793d8c1.md">Storage.IsDefault</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="147e5bc8-f75a-7dde-3d7a-af5c989bed7c.md">MenuBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the color that is the border color to use on a MenuStrip.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e9223df1-2870-0b1a-15b4-15efa2c297d5.md">MenuItemBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border color to use with a ToolStripMenuItem.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e7a82910-02a1-5878-92c5-da750f479fac.md">MenuItemPressedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the starting color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="73551254-836e-8894-e502-b5fffdb4c9f3.md">MenuItemPressedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ending color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c8106c3c-ec53-a6ad-1542-17640d043bec.md">MenuItemPressedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the middle color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b0717821-5961-d188-8624-c98e1312b740.md">MenuItemSelected</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the solid color to use when a ToolStripMenuItem other than the top-level ToolStripMenuItem is selected.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2d811c57-1884-54a2-d40d-337388a567f7.md">MenuItemSelectedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the starting color of the gradient used when the ToolStripMenuItem is selected.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="32909486-db12-8f39-f815-3a36a1b9c3c1.md">MenuItemSelectedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ending color of the gradient used when the ToolStripMenuItem is selected.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="355936e3-11c7-760d-3b8d-bea52cc9a718.md">MenuItemText</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the color to draw text for individual menu items.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="097a0f47-e60c-4bf7-802c-8391c6d8feff.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="879ca7f2-32c5-8581-44f2-c7aee6491db2.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="68c9e6ec-de1a-2928-618b-89431986833a.md">PopulateFromBase</a></td>
<td>Populate values from the base palette.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1e2dd0fa-1f48-1a28-5695-81f75fd502de.md">ResetImageMarginGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>esets the ImageMarginGradientBegin property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9eb2149c-9bb3-38c8-5a2a-9ed15de38e3c.md">ResetImageMarginGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>esets the ImageMarginGradientEnd property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c8ec41fe-3f07-ab36-25fd-ffd528a0b000.md">ResetImageMarginGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>esets the ImageMarginGradientMiddle property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f3dfa5b9-b1f1-cc08-1f96-ea54f5435cf5.md">ResetImageMarginRevealedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>esets the ImageMarginRevealedGradientBegin property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a5c2a5cf-7fc6-3f38-80cc-42e5d11dae4d.md">ResetImageMarginRevealedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>esets the ImageMarginRevealedGradientEnd property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="acb8e788-3322-1033-d1c0-b9a32d1738eb.md">ResetImageMarginRevealedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>esets the ImageMarginRevealedGradientMiddle property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="280377b5-c223-33c5-102e-599e765571d2.md">ResetMenuBorder</a></td>
<td>esets the MenuBorder property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="98d82d97-b378-1ee6-533d-d456e9d65d99.md">ResetMenuItemBorder</a></td>
<td>esets the MenuItemBorder property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="403d7f9d-92a6-1335-f99f-cdd3d0e65c87.md">ResetMenuItemPressedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>esets the MenuItemPressedGradientBegin property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="486805a5-db9b-f100-1150-3bf85f1d283c.md">ResetMenuItemPressedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>esets the MenuItemPressedGradientEnd property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e4199aff-b0ec-42af-7749-25767b9c148a.md">ResetMenuItemPressedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>esets the MenuItemPressedGradientMiddle property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2a1334a8-2246-c3e2-db04-fc02ea81ee27.md">ResetMenuItemSelected</a></td>
<td>esets the MenuItemSelected property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7ef261bf-bae0-166c-3384-78ccff160ce8.md">ResetMenuItemSelectedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>esets the MenuItemSelectedGradientBegin property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f0049f1f-bc83-f14f-7c57-37b1401ba1f3.md">ResetMenuItemSelectedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>esets the MenuItemSelectedGradientEnd property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0651b448-5a69-0b2e-bd06-a164d319c309.md">ResetMenuItemText</a></td>
<td>esets the MenuItemText property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
