# NavigatorButton Class


Storage for button related properties.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Navigator (in Krypton.Navigator.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class NavigatorButton : Storage
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class NavigatorButton
	Inherits Storage
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>  →  NavigatorButton</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="e508e1dc-e143-3c7b-4aa0-5814a9b0a95a.md">NavigatorButton</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the NavigatorButton class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="c8a67225-a1f5-41e7-cb51-cd712a0fe2ab.md">ButtonDisplayLogic</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the logic used to control button display.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="54439766-0f1f-b569-4dca-3ed4b3c2145e.md">ButtonSpecs</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of button specifications.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d6cf295f-44df-605c-ea50-a6e4bc48a862.md">CloseButton</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the close button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f42c6b6e-a0c4-4161-c40c-b1e2437b6e29.md">CloseButtonAction</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the action to take when the close button is clicked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6803020d-1cb3-d7f6-1643-ddf758e3764b.md">CloseButtonDisplay</a></td>
<td>Gets and set the logic used to decide how to show the close button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6f36f9e6-68a2-e7cb-80af-6daccd42d5d8.md">CloseButtonShortcut</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the shortcut for invoking the close action.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="088c02bf-8e2a-02c7-f8e8-9b70bd9a073f.md">ContextButton</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the context button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="08ec06b6-d632-dde1-ac59-3531d183cd20.md">ContextButtonAction</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the action to take when the context button is clicked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a9c5dec3-311c-1918-e30e-1a8068d7c8e9.md">ContextButtonDisplay</a></td>
<td>Gets and set the logic used to decide how to show the context button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5578e074-88db-80ae-3add-40bebcde3990.md">ContextButtonShortcut</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the shortcut for invoking the context action.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ee507a30-0f75-6bde-3573-76a46e412507.md">ContextMenuMapImage</a></td>
<td>Gets and set the mapping used to generate context menu item text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="262cc838-ecb0-7c83-8361-42767f9742b0.md">ContextMenuMapText</a></td>
<td>Gets and set the mapping used to generate context menu item image.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e42873c8-23fb-60f2-c987-026c0f4bf206.md">FormCloseButton</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the form close button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="59d8c503-38ff-c706-a41a-c199989809e6.md">FormMaximizeButton</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the form maximize button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5c7d6071-9541-e2da-6da5-b841750b6188.md">FormMinimizeButton</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the form minimize button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cc6b3e44-8758-47ab-8a81-54bde0a2c89e.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all values are default.<br />(Overrides <a href="bbc0e831-9474-3bce-65dc-0625d793d8c1.md">Storage.IsDefault</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="097a0f47-e60c-4bf7-802c-8391c6d8feff.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="879ca7f2-32c5-8581-44f2-c7aee6491db2.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="902f59b4-619c-c83c-cc4a-495fdc293565.md">NextButton</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the next button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fdccd108-4c65-b226-a22d-59fde7a9aa3b.md">NextButtonAction</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the action to take when the next button is clicked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2a7196d1-0792-7e7b-3e6f-92826412610c.md">NextButtonDisplay</a></td>
<td>Gets and set the logic used to decide how to show the next button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="526cf78d-58c9-4377-37ec-31ad7b0a0eee.md">NextButtonShortcut</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the shortcut for invoking the next action.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="18e2ac0c-3e04-43b4-2917-0d38c45dfc29.md">PreviousButton</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the previous button specification.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ef6ca9ef-e33e-42e4-6e1e-d7de357e2a6f.md">PreviousButtonAction</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the action to take when the previous button is clicked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1801203f-d5ad-47b4-44bf-9df8f0c10ada.md">PreviousButtonDisplay</a></td>
<td>Gets and set the logic used to decide how to show the previous button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="85acaaaf-11b9-2e3a-8102-c7059bda6949.md">PreviousButtonShortcut</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the shortcut for invoking the previous action.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bbdedcb4-5c0e-5554-82b5-19d2bb0a6927.md">ResetButtonDisplayLogic</a></td>
<td>Resets the ButtonDisplayLogic property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="610e78a5-8e6f-a7bd-8505-d361afab1da9.md">ResetCloseButtonShortcut</a></td>
<td>Resets the CloseButtonShortcut property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4379f246-0816-0f9f-9d7f-331128d010ed.md">ResetContextButtonShortcut</a></td>
<td>Resets the ContextButtonShortcut property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fd393c78-e97c-7bab-6b9a-e2976b5322c3.md">ResetNextButtonShortcut</a></td>
<td>Resets the NextButtonShortcut property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9e3a8bf5-4bee-ea4c-2539-4b58acbf1466.md">ResetPreviousButtonShortcut</a></td>
<td>Resets the PreviousButtonShortcut property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
