# KryptonDataGridViewLinkCell Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the DataGridViewCell.DataGridViewCellAccessibleObject assigned to the DataGridViewCell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ActiveLinkColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the color used to display an active link.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewLinkCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnIndex</td>
<td>Gets the column index for this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContentBounds</td>
<td>Gets the bounding rectangle that encloses the cell's content area.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStrip</td>
<td>Gets or sets the shortcut menu associated with the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataGridView</td>
<td>Gets the DataGridView control associated with this element.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultNewRowValue</td>
<td>Gets the default value for a cell in the row for new records.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Displayed</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the cell is currently displayed on-screen.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EditedFormattedValue</td>
<td>Gets the current, formatted value of the cell, regardless of whether the cell is in edit mode and the value has not been committed.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EditType</td>
<td>Gets the type of the cell's hosted editing control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewLinkCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ErrorIconBounds</td>
<td>Gets the bounds of the error icon for the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ErrorText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the text describing an error condition associated with the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FormattedValue</td>
<td>Gets the value of the cell as formatted for display.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FormattedValueType</td>
<td>Gets the display Type of the cell value.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewLinkCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Frozen</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the cell is frozen.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasStyle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the Style property has been set.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InheritedState</td>
<td>Gets the current state of the cell as inherited from the state of its row and column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InheritedStyle</td>
<td>Gets the style currently applied to the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInEditMode</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this cell is currently being edited.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6ce9611a-2057-cf31-457f-0d0edb2029de.md">LabelStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a display style for drawing link cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="08ab6285-e0f6-ff46-dc86-9529725ff914.md">LinkBehavior</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value that represents the behavior of links.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LinkColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the color used to display an inactive and unvisited link.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewLinkCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LinkVisited</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the link was visited.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewLinkCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OwningColumn</td>
<td>Gets the column that contains this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OwningRow</td>
<td>Gets the row that contains this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size, in pixels, of a rectangular area into which the cell can fit.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ReadOnly</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the cell's data can be edited.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Resizable</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the cell can be resized.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowIndex</td>
<td>Gets the index of the cell's parent row.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Selected</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the cell has been selected.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets the size of the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>State</td>
<td>Gets the user interface (UI) state of the element.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Style</td>
<td>Gets or sets the style for the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains supplemental data about the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolTipText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ToolTip text associated with this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TrackVisitedState</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the link changes color when it is visited.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewLinkCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseColumnTextForLinkValue</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the column Text property value is displayed as the link text.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewLinkCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Value</td>
<td>Gets or sets the value associated with this cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ValueType</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data type of the values in the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewLinkCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the cell is in a row or column that has been hidden.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewCell)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VisitedLinkColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the color used to display a link that has been previously visited.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewLinkCell)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="db262974-9cc7-3cb8-64cb-034690513944.md">KryptonDataGridViewLinkCell Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
