# KryptonDataGridView Class


Display text and images with the styling features of the Krypton Toolkit



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonDataGridView : DataGridView
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonDataGridView
	Inherits DataGridView
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  Control  →  DataGridView  →  KryptonDataGridView</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="9f33132e-cc0b-d0cc-f6dc-3bb8fea99d90.md">KryptonDataGridView</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonDataGridView class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AdjustedTopLeftHeaderBorderStyle</td>
<td>Gets the border style for the upper-left cell in the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AdvancedCellBorderStyle</td>
<td>Gets the border style of the cells in the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AdvancedColumnHeadersBorderStyle</td>
<td>Gets the border style of the column header cells in the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AdvancedRowHeadersBorderStyle</td>
<td>Gets the border style of the row header cells in the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can accept data that the user drags onto it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowUserToAddRows</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the option to add rows is displayed to the user.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowUserToDeleteRows</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user is allowed to delete rows from the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowUserToOrderColumns</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether manual column repositioning is enabled.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowUserToResizeColumns</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether users can resize columns.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowUserToResizeRows</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether users can resize rows.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AlternatingRowsDefaultCellStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cell style applied to odd-numbered rows of the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Anchor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the edges of the container to which a control is bound and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoGenerateColumns</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether columns are created automatically when the DataSource or DataMember properties are set.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoSize</td>
<td>This property is not relevant for this class.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoSizeColumnsMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating how column widths are determined.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoSizeRowsMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating how row heights are determined.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the background color of the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BorderStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets the border style for the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellBorderStyle</td>
<td>Gets the cell border style for the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="517be7b7-8498-5bec-0fd3-c4180840e26c.md">CellOver</a></td>
<td>Gets or Sets the internal KryptonDataGridView CellOver</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClipboardCopyMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value that indicates whether users can copy cell text values to the Clipboard and whether row and column header text is included.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnCount</td>
<td>Gets or sets the number of columns displayed in the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnHeadersBorderStyle</td>
<td>Gets the border style applied to the column headers.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnHeadersDefaultCellStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default column header style.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnHeadersHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height, in pixels, of the column headers row.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnHeadersHeightSizeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the height of the column headers is adjustable and whether it can be adjusted by the user or is automatically adjusted to fit the contents of the headers.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnHeadersVisible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the column header row is displayed.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Columns</td>
<td>Gets a collection that contains all the columns in the control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="92ec7631-b581-9d55-9896-4a5e8f1cc633.md">ContextMenuStrip</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the ContextMenuStrip associated with this control.<br />(Overrides Control.ContextMenuStrip)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Controls</td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateParams</td>
<td>Gets the required creation parameters when the control handle is created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CurrentCell</td>
<td>Gets or sets the currently active cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CurrentCellAddress</td>
<td>Gets the row and column indexes of the currently active cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CurrentRow</td>
<td>Gets the row containing the current cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataMember</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the list or table in the data source for which the DataGridView is displaying data.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataSource</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data source that the DataGridView is displaying data for.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCellStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cell style to be applied to the cells in the DataGridView if no other cell style properties are set.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultSize</td>
<td>Gets the default initial size of the control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the display area of the control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dock</td>
<td>Gets or sets which control borders are docked to its parent control and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EditingControl</td>
<td>Gets the control hosted by the current cell, if a cell with an editing control is in edit mode.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EditingPanel</td>
<td>Gets the panel that contains the EditingControl.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EditMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating how to begin editing a cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EnableHeadersVisualStyles</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether row and column headers use the visual styles of the user's current theme if visual styles are enabled for the application.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f73a7905-49ac-3a26-ba53-c57bfe2ed4d5.md">EvalInvokePaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to use Invoke to force a repaint.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FirstDisplayedCell</td>
<td>Gets or sets the first cell currently displayed in the DataGridView; typically, this cell is in the upper left corner.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FirstDisplayedScrollingColumnHiddenWidth</td>
<td>Gets the width of the portion of the column that is currently scrolled out of view.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FirstDisplayedScrollingColumnIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the index of the column that is the first column displayed on the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FirstDisplayedScrollingRowIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the index of the row that is the first row displayed on the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focused</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Font</td>
<td>Gets or sets the font of the text displayed by the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ForeColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the foreground color of the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GridColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the color of the grid lines separating the cells of the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e6445b56-202f-05b7-238d-5e246e875b2d.md">GridStyles</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the grid styles.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63763466-290b-0c87-6aec-56ea263de6b3.md">HideOuterBorders</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value determining if the outer borders of the grid cells are drawn.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HorizontalScrollBar</td>
<td>Gets the horizontal scroll bar of the control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HorizontalScrollingOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets the number of pixels by which the control is scrolled horizontally.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsCurrentCellDirty</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the current cell has uncommitted changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsCurrentCellInEditMode</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the currently active cell is being edited.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsCurrentRowDirty</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the current row has uncommitted changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Item(Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Provides an indexer to get or set the cell located at the intersection of the column and row with the specified indexes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Item(String, Int32)</td>
<td>Provides an indexer to get or set the cell located at the intersection of the row with the specified index and the column with the specified name.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b35d24a9-2158-5c3d-7117-498878ddd233.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the KryptonContextMenu to show when right clicked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the upper limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the lower limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MultiSelect</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user is allowed to select more than one cell, row, or column of the DataGridView at a time.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="72bcf540-91b9-701d-8561-750c8d6eb427.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b2966c6a-8b13-21ba-d99a-1e0821011c92.md">NeedTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if transparent paint is needed</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NewRowIndex</td>
<td>Gets the index of the row for new records.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets padding within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="819ba6ca-5a6b-ed2b-6529-7672de289324.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e7f6ae62-2a28-d4f1-baa2-23f72b7e2e79.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ReadOnly</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can edit the cells of the DataGridView control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bf599bb9-592d-0e8a-ff0b-6687fb765c4b.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowCount</td>
<td>Gets or sets the number of rows displayed in the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeadersBorderStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets the border style of the row header cells.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeadersDefaultCellStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default style applied to the row header cells.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeadersVisible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the column that contains row headers is displayed.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeadersWidth</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width, in pixels, of the column that contains the row headers.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeadersWidthSizeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the width of the row headers is adjustable and whether it can be adjusted by the user or is automatically adjusted to fit the contents of the headers.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Rows</td>
<td>Gets a collection that contains all the rows in the DataGridView control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowsDefaultCellStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default style applied to the row cells of the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowTemplate</td>
<td>Gets or sets the row that represents the template for all the rows in the control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScrollBars</td>
<td>Gets or sets the type of scroll bars to display for the DataGridView control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectedCells</td>
<td>Gets the collection of cells selected by the user.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectedColumns</td>
<td>Gets the collection of columns selected by the user.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectedRows</td>
<td>Gets the collection of rows selected by the user.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectionMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating how the cells of the DataGridView can be selected.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowCellErrors</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to show cell errors.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c5c8b7a9-8079-120d-a164-af518448bac1.md">ShowCellToolTips</a></td>
<td>Indicates if tool tips are Displayed when the mouse hovers over the cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowEditingIcon</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether or not the editing glyph is visible in the row header of the cell being edited.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowRowErrors</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether row headers will display error glyphs for each row that contains a data entry error.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortedColumn</td>
<td>Gets the column by which the DataGridView contents are currently sorted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortOrder</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the items in the DataGridView control are sorted in ascending or descending order, or are not sorted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StandardTab</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the TAB key moves the focus to the next control in the tab order rather than moving focus to the next cell in the control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="959d952b-b96c-0a48-8e94-5e7a31f0c2ae.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common data grid view appearance that other states can override.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f1fecdba-ce15-1085-3d7a-9655f450efc9.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled data grid view appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fbba9289-5324-7dac-9239-6b5bdec57b1b.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal data grid view appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6c7ebeaf-313d-d58b-8e3a-66addad75072.md">StatePressed</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the pressed data grid view appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ea56d63d-20f3-4b0b-1034-e94d60ae2225.md">StateSelected</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the selected data grid view appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="24687e1c-cf8e-cc6c-78f2-871390ab13d5.md">StateTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the tracking data grid view appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can give the focus to this control using the TAB key.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="599e5415-bd17-97e2-72ff-6f2ee746e97f.md">ToolTipShadow</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the tooltip label style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLeftHeaderCell</td>
<td>Gets or sets the header cell located in the upper left corner of the DataGridView control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="85224db4-625e-710f-08ae-4688fb061805.md">TransparentParent</a></td>
<td>Gets the control reference that is the parent for transparent drawing.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UserSetCursor</td>
<td>Gets the default or user-specified value of the Cursor property.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VerticalScrollBar</td>
<td>Gets the vertical scroll bar of the control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VerticalScrollingOffset</td>
<td>Gets the number of pixels by which the control is scrolled vertically.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6dccf1db-97e0-5ad4-7da7-2a432226e6d2.md">ViewManager</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ViewManager instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VirtualMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether you have provided your own data-management operations for the DataGridView control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyClients(AccessibleEvents, Int32)</td>
<td>Notifies the accessibility client applications of the specified AccessibleEvents for the specified child control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyClients(AccessibleEvents, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Notifies the accessibility client applications of the specified AccessibleEvents for the specified child control .<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyCurrentCellChanged</td>
<td>Notifies the accessible client applications when a new cell becomes the current cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AdjustColumnHeaderBorderStyle</td>
<td>Adjusts the DataGridViewAdvancedBorderStyle for a column header cell of a DataGridView that is currently being painted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AreAllCellsSelected</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether all the DataGridView cells are currently selected.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeColumn(Int32)</td>
<td>Adjusts the width of the specified column to fit the contents of all its cells, including the header cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeColumn(Int32, DataGridViewAutoSizeColumnMode)</td>
<td>Adjusts the width of the specified column using the specified size mode.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeColumn(Int32, DataGridViewAutoSizeColumnMode, Boolean)</td>
<td>Adjusts the width of the specified column using the specified size mode, optionally calculating the width with the expectation that row heights will subsequently be adjusted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeColumnHeadersHeight()</td>
<td>Adjusts the height of the column headers to fit the contents of the largest column header.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeColumnHeadersHeight(Int32)</td>
<td>Adjusts the height of the column headers based on changes to the contents of the header in the specified column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeColumnHeadersHeight(Boolean, Boolean)</td>
<td>Adjusts the height of the column headers to fit their contents, optionally calculating the height with the expectation that the column and/or row header widths will subsequently be adjusted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeColumnHeadersHeight(Int32, Boolean, Boolean)</td>
<td>Adjusts the height of the column headers based on changes to the contents of the header in the specified column, optionally calculating the height with the expectation that the column and/or row header widths will subsequently be adjusted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeColumns()</td>
<td>Adjusts the width of all columns to fit the contents of all their cells, including the header cells.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeColumns(DataGridViewAutoSizeColumnsMode)</td>
<td>Adjusts the width of all columns using the specified size mode.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeColumns(DataGridViewAutoSizeColumnsMode, Boolean)</td>
<td>Adjusts the width of all columns using the specified size mode, optionally calculating the widths with the expectation that row heights will subsequently be adjusted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeRow(Int32)</td>
<td>Adjusts the height of the specified row to fit the contents of all its cells including the header cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeRow(Int32, DataGridViewAutoSizeRowMode)</td>
<td>Adjusts the height of the specified row using the specified size mode.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeRow(Int32, DataGridViewAutoSizeRowMode, Boolean)</td>
<td>Adjusts the height of the specified row using the specified size mode, optionally calculating the height with the expectation that column widths will subsequently be adjusted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeRowHeadersWidth(DataGridViewRowHeadersWidthSizeMode)</td>
<td>Adjusts the width of the row headers using the specified size mode.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeRowHeadersWidth(Int32, DataGridViewRowHeadersWidthSizeMode)</td>
<td>Adjusts the width of the row headers based on changes to the contents of the header in the specified row and using the specified size mode.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeRowHeadersWidth(DataGridViewRowHeadersWidthSizeMode, Boolean, Boolean)</td>
<td>Adjusts the width of the row headers using the specified size mode, optionally calculating the width with the expectation that the row and/or column header widths will subsequently be adjusted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeRowHeadersWidth(Int32, DataGridViewRowHeadersWidthSizeMode, Boolean, Boolean)</td>
<td>Adjusts the width of the row headers based on changes to the contents of the header in the specified row and using the specified size mode, optionally calculating the width with the expectation that the row and/or column header widths will subsequently be adjusted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeRows()</td>
<td>Adjusts the heights of all rows to fit the contents of all their cells, including the header cells.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeRows(DataGridViewAutoSizeRowsMode)</td>
<td>Adjusts the heights of the rows using the specified size mode value.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeRows(DataGridViewAutoSizeRowsMode, Boolean)</td>
<td>Adjusts the heights of all rows using the specified size mode, optionally calculating the heights with the expectation that column widths will subsequently be adjusted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoResizeRows(Int32, Int32, DataGridViewAutoSizeRowMode, Boolean)</td>
<td>Adjusts the heights of the specified rows using the specified size mode, optionally calculating the heights with the expectation that column widths will subsequently be adjusted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginEdit</td>
<td>Puts the current cell in edit mode.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously with the specified arguments, on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BringToFront</td>
<td>Brings the control to the front of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CancelEdit</td>
<td>Cancels edit mode for the currently selected cell and discards any changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClearSelection()</td>
<td>Clears the current selection by unselecting all selected cells.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClearSelection(Int32, Int32, Boolean)</td>
<td>Cancels the selection of all currently selected cells except the one indicated, optionally ensuring that the indicated cell is selected.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CommitEdit</td>
<td>Commits changes in the current cell to the data cache without ending edit mode.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Contains</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating whether the specified control is a child of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63284be7-4b75-5560-8bae-c6817de2106e.md">ContextMenuClosed</a></td>
<td>Called when a context menu has just been closed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateAccessibilityInstance</td>
<td>Creates a new accessible object for the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateColumnsInstance</td>
<td>Creates and returns a new DataGridViewColumnCollection.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateControl</td>
<td>Forces the creation of the visible control, including the creation of the handle and any visible child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateControlsInstance</td>
<td>Creates and returns a new Control.ControlCollection that can be cast to type DataGridView.DataGridViewControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateGraphics</td>
<td>Creates the Graphics for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateHandle</td>
<td>Creates a handle for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateRowsInstance</td>
<td>Creates and returns a new DataGridViewRowCollection.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4d3e184b-b67c-d231-c593-b1a74084af8d.md">CreateToolStripRenderer</a></td>
<td>Create a tool strip renderer appropriate for the current renderer/palette pair.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefWndProc</td>
<td>Sends the specified message to the default window procedure.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DestroyHandle</td>
<td>Destroys the handle associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayedColumnCount</td>
<td>Returns the number of columns displayed to the user.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayedRowCount</td>
<td>Returns the number of rows displayed to the user.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="57ac962c-b8e7-ad2e-07ea-009c28464125.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Clean up any resources being used.<br />(Overrides DataGridView.Dispose(Boolean))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects)</td>
<td>Begins a drag-and-drop operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects, Bitmap, Point, Boolean)</td>
<td>Begins a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DrawToBitmap</td>
<td>Supports rendering to the specified bitmap.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EndEdit()</td>
<td>Commits and ends the edit operation on the current cell using the default error context.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EndEdit(DataGridViewDataErrorContexts)</td>
<td>Commits and ends the edit operation on the current cell using the specified error context.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EndInvoke</td>
<td>Retrieves the return value of the asynchronous operation represented by the IAsyncResult passed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="92c3e2b5-c91c-15c7-75b1-200ba85982a6.md">EvalTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to paint transparent areas.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindForm</td>
<td>Retrieves the form that the control is on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focus</td>
<td>Sets input focus to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetAccessibilityObjectById</td>
<td>Retrieves the specified AccessibleObject.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating how a control will behave when its AutoSize() property is enabled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCellCount</td>
<td>Gets the number of cells that satisfy the provided filter.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCellDisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Returns the rectangle that represents the display area for a cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81e285c2-9eb4-78c1-e449-505b7f1d6cff.md">GetCellTriple</a></td>
<td>Recovers the back/border/content palettes to use for drawing the provided cell.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point, GetChildAtPointSkip)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates, specifying whether to ignore child controls of a certain type.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetClipboardContent</td>
<td>Retrieves the formatted values that represent the contents of the selected cells for copying to the Clipboard.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetColumnDisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Returns the rectangle that represents the display area for a column, as determined by the column index.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetContainerControl</td>
<td>Returns the next ContainerControl up the control's chain of parent controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetNextControl</td>
<td>Retrieves the next control forward or back in the tab order of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPreferredSize</td>
<td>Retrieves the size of a rectangular area into which a control can be fitted.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetRowDisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Returns the rectangle that represents the display area for a row, as determined by the row index.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetScaledBounds</td>
<td>Retrieves the bounds within which the control is scaled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStyle</td>
<td>Retrieves the value of the specified control style bit for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTopLevel</td>
<td>Determines if the control is a top-level control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Hide</td>
<td>Conceals the control from the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76bf1f92-5825-a2ff-ff76-b4cb290e15b3.md">HighlightSearch(String)</a></td>
<td>Highlight search strings in the DataGridView</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f6bc007-33bd-6816-fa64-16d6acf00a56.md">HighlightSearch(String, List(Int32))</a></td>
<td>Highlight search strings in the DataGridView</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HitTest</td>
<td>Returns location information, such as row and column indices, given x- and y-coordinates.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitLayout</td>
<td>Called after the control has been added to another container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate()</td>
<td>Invalidates the entire surface of the control and causes the control to be redrawn.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates a specific region of the control and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvalidateCell(DataGridViewCell)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified cell of the DataGridView, forcing it to be repainted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvalidateCell(Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Invalidates the cell with the specified row and column indexes, forcing it to be repainted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvalidateColumn</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified column of the DataGridView, forcing it to be repainted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvalidateRow</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified row of the DataGridView, forcing it to be repainted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate, on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle, with the specified list of arguments.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(T)(Func(T))</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeGotFocus</td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeLostFocus</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeOnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokePaint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokePaintBackground</td>
<td>Raises the PaintBackground event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputChar</td>
<td>Determines whether a character is an input character that the DataGridView recognizes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputKey</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified key is a regular input key or a special key that requires preprocessing.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Int32)</td>
<td>Converts a Logical DPI value to its equivalent DeviceUnit DPI value.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Size)</td>
<td>Transforms a size from logical to device units by scaling it for the current DPI and rounding down to the nearest integer value for width and height.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NotifyCurrentCellDirty</td>
<td>Notifies the DataGridView that the current cell has uncommitted changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NotifyInvalidate</td>
<td>Raises the Invalidated event with a specified region of the control to invalidate.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAllowUserToAddRowsChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AllowUserToAddRowsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAllowUserToDeleteRowsChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AllowUserToDeleteRowsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAllowUserToOrderColumnsChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AllowUserToOrderColumnsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAllowUserToResizeColumnsChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AllowUserToResizeColumnsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAllowUserToResizeRowsChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AllowUserToResizeRowsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAlternatingRowsDefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AlternatingRowsDefaultCellStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAutoGenerateColumnsChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AutoGenerateColumnsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAutoSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AutoSizeChanged() event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAutoSizeColumnModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AutoSizeColumnModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAutoSizeColumnsModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AutoSizeColumnsModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAutoSizeRowsModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AutoSizeRowsModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundImageLayoutChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageLayoutChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBorderStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BorderStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ed9c168d-955b-d673-fd81-f83935ad7c61.md">OnButtonSpecChanged</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette storage of a button spec change.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCancelRowEdit</td>
<td>Raises the CancelRowEdit event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCausesValidationChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CausesValidationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellBeginEdit</td>
<td>Raises the CellBeginEdit event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellBorderStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CellBorderStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellContentClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellContentClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellContentDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellContentDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CellContextMenuStripChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellContextMenuStripNeeded</td>
<td>Raises the CellContextMenuStripNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellEndEdit</td>
<td>Raises the CellEndEdit event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellEnter</td>
<td>Raises the CellEnter event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellErrorTextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CellErrorTextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellErrorTextNeeded</td>
<td>Raises the CellErrorTextNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellFormatting</td>
<td>Raises the CellFormatting event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellLeave</td>
<td>Raises the CellLeave event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellMouseClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellMouseClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellMouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the CellMouseDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8f55d457-cdb9-20a1-d07b-f467bdfe2990.md">OnCellMouseDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the CellMouseDown event.<br />(Overrides DataGridView.OnCellMouseDown(DataGridViewCellMouseEventArgs))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="29d3e075-e7a2-3b29-228d-9a03c9627b93.md">OnCellMouseEnter</a></td>
<td>Raises the CellMouseEnter event.<br />(Overrides DataGridView.OnCellMouseEnter(DataGridViewCellEventArgs))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e2be0fa5-6634-c675-3860-18b13de9ad72.md">OnCellMouseLeave</a></td>
<td>Raises the CellMouseLeave event.<br />(Overrides DataGridView.OnCellMouseLeave(DataGridViewCellEventArgs))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9fe455c6-354a-808d-1ff6-c0994e767d51.md">OnCellMouseMove</a></td>
<td>Raises the CellMouseMove event.<br />(Overrides DataGridView.OnCellMouseMove(DataGridViewCellMouseEventArgs))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="95b6ac8e-bba2-ae5b-0d25-269f92683435.md">OnCellMouseUp</a></td>
<td>Raises the CellMouseUp event.<br />(Overrides DataGridView.OnCellMouseUp(DataGridViewCellMouseEventArgs))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f1884cde-574d-0a20-3c1c-84891347a559.md">OnCellPainting</a></td>
<td>Raises the CellPainting event.<br />(Overrides DataGridView.OnCellPainting(DataGridViewCellPaintingEventArgs))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellParsing</td>
<td>Raises the CellParsing event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellStateChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CellStateChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CellStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellStyleContentChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CellStyleContentChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellToolTipTextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CellToolTipTextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellToolTipTextNeeded</td>
<td>Raises the CellToolTipTextNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellValidated</td>
<td>Raises the CellValidated event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellValidating</td>
<td>Raises the CellValidating event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellValueChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CellValueChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellValueNeeded</td>
<td>Raises the CellValueNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCellValuePushed</td>
<td>Raises the CellValuePushed event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnChangeUICues</td>
<td>Raises the ChangeUICues event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClientSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ClientSizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnAdded</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnAdded event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnContextMenuStripChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnDataPropertyNameChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnDataPropertyNameChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnDefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnDefaultCellStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnDisplayIndexChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnDisplayIndexChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnDividerDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnDividerDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnDividerWidthChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnDividerWidthChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnHeaderCellChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnHeaderCellChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnHeaderMouseClick</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnHeaderMouseClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnHeaderMouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnHeaderMouseDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnHeadersBorderStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnHeadersBorderStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnHeadersDefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnHeadersDefaultCellStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnHeadersHeightChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnHeadersHeightChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnHeadersHeightSizeModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnHeadersHeightSizeModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnMinimumWidthChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnMinimumWidthChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnNameChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnNameChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnRemoved</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnRemoved event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnSortModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnSortModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnStateChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnStateChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnToolTipTextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnToolTipTextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnColumnWidthChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ColumnWidthChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ContextMenuStripChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnControlAdded</td>
<td>Raises the ControlAdded event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnControlRemoved</td>
<td>Raises the ControlRemoved event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCreateControl</td>
<td>Raises the CreateControl() method.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCurrentCellChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CurrentCellChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCurrentCellDirtyStateChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CurrentCellDirtyStateChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCursorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CursorChanged event and updates the UserSetCursor property if the cursor was changed in user code.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataBindingComplete</td>
<td>Raises the DataBindingComplete event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataContextChanged</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataError</td>
<td>Raises the DataError event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataMemberChanged</td>
<td>Raises the DataMemberChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataSourceChanged</td>
<td>Raises the DataSourceChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the DefaultCellStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDefaultValuesNeeded</td>
<td>Raises the DefaultValuesNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDockChanged</td>
<td>Raises the DockChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the DoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChangedAfterParent</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChangedAfterParent event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChangedBeforeParent</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChangedBeforeParent event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragDrop</td>
<td>Raises the DragDrop event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragEnter</td>
<td>Raises the DragEnter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragLeave</td>
<td>Raises the DragLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragOver</td>
<td>Raises the DragOver event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="abbd53dc-39c4-430b-d93b-550386ccec4d.md">OnEditingControlShowing</a></td>
<td>Raises the EditingControlShowing event.<br />(Overrides DataGridView.OnEditingControlShowing(DataGridViewEditingControlShowingEventArgs))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEditModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the EditModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d87d93a2-0ce9-e028-1193-a51cab167559.md">OnEnabledChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnabledChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnter</td>
<td>Raises the Enter event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGiveFeedback</td>
<td>Raises the GiveFeedback event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGotFocus</td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGridColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the GridColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleCreated</td>
<td>Raises the HandleCreated event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleDestroyed</td>
<td>Raises the HandleDestroyed event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHelpRequested</td>
<td>Raises the HelpRequested event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnImeModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ImeModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnInvalidated</td>
<td>Raises the Invalidated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnKeyDown</td>
<td>Raises the KeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnKeyPress</td>
<td>Raises the KeyPress event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnKeyUp</td>
<td>Raises the KeyUp event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="78ac7df6-85d4-cf83-1f6c-71ca8a64e0c4.md">OnLayout</a></td>
<td>Raises the Layout event.<br />(Overrides DataGridView.OnLayout(LayoutEventArgs))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLeave</td>
<td>Raises the Leave event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLocationChanged</td>
<td>Raises the LocationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLostFocus</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMarginChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MarginChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseCaptureChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MouseCaptureChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseClick</td>
<td>Raises the MouseClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the MouseDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseDown</td>
<td>Raises the MouseDown event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseEnter</td>
<td>Raises the OnMouseEnter(EventArgs) event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseHover</td>
<td>Raises the MouseHover event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseLeave</td>
<td>Raises the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseMove</td>
<td>Raises the MouseMove event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseUp</td>
<td>Raises the MouseUp event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseWheel</td>
<td>Raises the MouseWheel event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMove</td>
<td>Raises the Move event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMultiSelectChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MultiSelectChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d6dca6c7-2691-2e17-4141-c6d9ed16765f.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette storage of a paint and optional layout required.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b871471a-eb75-caa1-08da-ff68240ae584.md">OnNeedResyncPaint</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette storage of a paint and optional layout required.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnNewRowNeeded</td>
<td>Raises the NewRowNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnNotifyMessage</td>
<td>Notifies the control of Windows messages.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaddingChanged</td>
<td>Raises the PaddingChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="07364874-164b-f658-d08f-c61d69e6126e.md">OnPaintBackground</a></td>
<td>Raises the PaintBackground event.<br />(Overrides Control.OnPaintBackground(PaintEventArgs))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ef6e1eec-7b70-5444-e0bc-3702a42ccf31.md">OnPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PaletteChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event when the BackColor property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event when the BackgroundImage property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event when the BindingContext property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ParentChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentCursorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CursorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentDataContextChanged</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentEnabledChanged</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event when the Enabled property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event when the Font property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event when the ForeColor property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentRightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event when the RightToLeft property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event when the Visible property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPreviewKeyDown</td>
<td>Raises the PreviewKeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPrint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnQueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Raises the QueryContinueDrag event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnReadOnlyChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ReadOnlyChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRegionChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RegionChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnResize</td>
<td>Raises the Resize event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RowContextMenuStripChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowContextMenuStripNeeded</td>
<td>Raises the RowContextMenuStripNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowDefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RowDefaultCellStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowDirtyStateNeeded</td>
<td>Raises the RowDirtyStateNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowDividerDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the RowDividerDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowDividerHeightChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RowDividerHeightChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowEnter</td>
<td>Raises the RowEnter event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowErrorTextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RowErrorTextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowErrorTextNeeded</td>
<td>Raises the RowErrorTextNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowHeaderCellChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RowHeaderCellChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowHeaderMouseClick</td>
<td>Raises the RowHeaderMouseClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowHeaderMouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the RowHeaderMouseDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowHeadersBorderStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RowHeadersBorderStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowHeadersDefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RowHeadersDefaultCellStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowHeadersWidthChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RowHeadersWidthChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowHeadersWidthSizeModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RowHeadersWidthSizeModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowHeightChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RowHeightChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowHeightInfoNeeded</td>
<td>Raises the RowHeightInfoNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowHeightInfoPushed</td>
<td>Raises the RowHeightInfoPushed event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowLeave</td>
<td>Raises the RowLeave event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowMinimumHeightChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RowMinimumHeightChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowPostPaint</td>
<td>Raises the RowPostPaint event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowPrePaint</td>
<td>Raises the RowPrePaint event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowsAdded</td>
<td>Raises the RowsAdded event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowsDefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RowsDefaultCellStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowsRemoved</td>
<td>Raises the RowsRemoved event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowStateChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RowStateChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowUnshared</td>
<td>Raises the RowUnshared event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowValidated</td>
<td>Raises the RowValidated event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRowValidating</td>
<td>Raises the RowValidating event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnScroll</td>
<td>Raises the Scroll event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSelectionChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SelectionChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSortCompare</td>
<td>Raises the SortCompare event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSorted</td>
<td>Raises the Sorted event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the StyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSystemColorsChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SystemColorsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTabIndexChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TabIndexChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTabStopChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TabStopChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnUserAddedRow</td>
<td>Raises the UserAddedRow event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnUserDeletedRow</td>
<td>Raises the UserDeletedRow event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnUserDeletingRow</td>
<td>Raises the UserDeletingRow event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidated</td>
<td>Raises the Validated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidating</td>
<td>Raises the Validating event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2b6dd509-7f70-0b8c-6f7a-a02fce3b5da4.md">PaintBackground</a></td>
<td>Paints the background of the DataGridView.<br />(Overrides DataGridView.PaintBackground(Graphics, Rectangle, Rectangle))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout()</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout(Control, String)</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="238884df-94c1-6af5-89ad-3d98b7d39642.md">PerformNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToClient</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified screen point into client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified client point into screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessControlMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessAKey</td>
<td>Processes the A key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessCmdKey</td>
<td>Processes a command key.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessControlShiftF10Keys</td>
<td>Activates the keyboard tooltip.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDataGridViewKey</td>
<td>Processes keys used for navigating in the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDeleteKey</td>
<td>Processes the DELETE key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDialogChar</td>
<td>Processes a dialog character.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDialogKey</td>
<td>Processes keys, such as the TAB, ESCAPE, ENTER, and ARROW keys, used to control dialog boxes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDownKey</td>
<td>Processes the DOWN ARROW key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessEndKey</td>
<td>Processes the END key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessEnterKey</td>
<td>Processes the ENTER key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessEscapeKey</td>
<td>Processes the ESC key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessF2Key</td>
<td>Processes the F2 key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessF3Key</td>
<td>Processes the F3 key by sorting the current column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessHomeKey</td>
<td>Processes the HOME key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessInsertKey</td>
<td>Processes the INSERT key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyEventArgs</td>
<td>Processes a key message and generates the appropriate control events.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyMessage</td>
<td>Processes a keyboard message.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyPreview</td>
<td>Previews a keyboard message.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessLeftKey</td>
<td>Processes the LEFT ARROW key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessMnemonic</td>
<td>Processes a mnemonic character.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessNextKey</td>
<td>Processes the PAGE DOWN key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessPriorKey</td>
<td>Processes the PAGE UP key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessRightKey</td>
<td>Processes the RIGHT ARROW key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessSpaceKey</td>
<td>Processes the SPACEBAR.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessTabKey</td>
<td>Processes the TAB key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessUpKey</td>
<td>Processes the UP ARROW key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessZeroKey</td>
<td>Processes the 0 key.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseDragEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate drag event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseKeyEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate key event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseMouseEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate mouse event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaisePaintEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreateHandle</td>
<td>Forces the re-creation of the handle for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToClient</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified screen rectangle in client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified client rectangle in screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Refresh</td>
<td>Forces the control to invalidate its client area and immediately redraw itself and any child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RefreshEdit</td>
<td>Refreshes the value of the current cell with the underlying cell value when the cell is in edit mode, discarding any previous value.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RescaleConstantsForDpi</td>
<td>Provides constants for rescaling the control when a DPI change occurs.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResetMouseEventArgs</td>
<td>Resets the control to handle the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a351db8b-600e-8b88-c64b-c84768fe4102.md">ResetPalette</a></td>
<td>Resets the Palette property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="134f85a8-ee4f-28fd-cfe5-e756ad4e126c.md">ResetPaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Resets the PaletteMode property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout()</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout(Boolean)</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic, optionally forcing an immediate layout of pending layout requests.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(ContentAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified ContentAlignment to the appropriate ContentAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(HorizontalAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified HorizontalAlignment to the appropriate HorizontalAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(LeftRightAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified LeftRightAlignment to the appropriate LeftRightAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateContent</td>
<td>Converts the specified ContentAlignment to the appropriate ContentAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateHorizontal</td>
<td>Converts the specified HorizontalAlignment to the appropriate HorizontalAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateLeftRight</td>
<td>Converts the specified LeftRightAlignment to the appropriate LeftRightAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Scale</td>
<td>Scales the control and all child controls by the specified scaling factor.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleBitmapLogicalToDevice</td>
<td>Scales a logical bitmap value to it's equivalent device unit value when a DPI change occurs.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleControl</td>
<td>Scales a control's location, size, padding and margin.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Select()</td>
<td>Activates the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Select(Boolean, Boolean)</td>
<td>Activates a child control. Optionally specifies the direction in the tab order to select the control from.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectAll</td>
<td>Selects all the cells in the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectNextControl</td>
<td>Activates the next control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SendToBack</td>
<td>Sends the control to the back of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Sets a value indicating how a control will behave when its AutoSize() property is enabled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Sets the bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, BoundsSpecified)</td>
<td>Sets the specified bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBoundsCore</td>
<td>This member overrides SetBoundsCore(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, BoundsSpecified).<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetClientSizeCore</td>
<td>Sets the size of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetCurrentCellAddressCore</td>
<td>Sets the currently active cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetSelectedCellCore</td>
<td>Changes the selection state of the cell with the specified row and column indexes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetSelectedColumnCore</td>
<td>Changes the selection state of the column with the specified index.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetSelectedRowCore</td>
<td>Changes the selection state of the row with the specified index.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetStyle</td>
<td>Sets a specified ControlStyles flag to either true or false.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetTopLevel</td>
<td>Sets the control as the top-level control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetVisibleCore</td>
<td>Sets the control to the specified visible state.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Show</td>
<td>Displays the control to the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeFromClientSize</td>
<td>Determines the size of the entire control from the height and width of its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Sort(IComparer)</td>
<td>Sorts the contents of the DataGridView control using an implementation of the IComparer interface.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Sort(DataGridViewColumn, ListSortDirection)</td>
<td>Sorts the contents of the DataGridView control in ascending or descending order based on the contents of the specified column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SuspendLayout</td>
<td>Temporarily suspends the layout logic for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Update</td>
<td>Causes the control to redraw the invalidated regions within its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds()</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the current size and location.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the specified size and location.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the specified size, location, and client size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateCellErrorText</td>
<td>Forces the cell at the specified location to update its error text.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateCellValue</td>
<td>Forces the control to update its display of the cell at the specified location based on its new value, applying any automatic sizing modes currently in effect.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateRowErrorText(Int32)</td>
<td>Forces the row at the given row index to update its error text.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateRowErrorText(Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Forces the rows in the given range to update their error text.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateRowHeightInfo</td>
<td>Forces the specified row or rows to update their height information.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateStyles</td>
<td>Forces the assigned styles to be reapplied to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateZOrder</td>
<td>Updates the control in its parent's z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0b89fa21-604f-cdce-7119-915889806b39.md">WndProc</a></td>
<td>Process Windows-based messages.<br />(Overrides DataGridView.WndProc(Message))</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>AllowUserToAddRowsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the AllowUserToAddRows property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowUserToDeleteRowsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the AllowUserToDeleteRowsChanged property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowUserToOrderColumnsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the AllowUserToOrderColumns property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowUserToResizeColumnsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the AllowUserToResizeColumns property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowUserToResizeRowsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the AllowUserToResizeRows property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AlternatingRowsDefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the AlternatingRowsDefaultCellStyle property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoGenerateColumnsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the AutoGenerateColumnsChanged property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoSizeColumnModeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the AutoSizeMode property of a column changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoSizeColumnsModeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the AutoSizeColumnsMode property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoSizeRowsModeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DataGridViewAutoSizeRowsMode property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackColor property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackgroundColor property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackgroundImage property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageLayoutChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the BackgroundImageLayout property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BindingContext property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BorderStyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BorderStyle property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CancelRowEdit</td>
<td>Occurs when the VirtualMode property of a DataGridView control is true and the cancels edits in a row.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidationChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the CausesValidation property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellBeginEdit</td>
<td>Occurs when edit mode starts for the selected cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellBorderStyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the border style of a cell changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellClick</td>
<td>Occurs when any part of a cell is clicked.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellContentClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the content within a cell is clicked.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellContentDoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the user double-clicks a cell's contents.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ContextMenuStrip property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellContextMenuStripNeeded</td>
<td>Occurs when a cell's shortcut menu is needed.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellDoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the user double-clicks anywhere in a cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellEndEdit</td>
<td>Occurs when edit mode stops for the currently selected cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when the current cell changes in the DataGridView control or when the control receives input focus.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellErrorTextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ErrorText property of a cell changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellErrorTextNeeded</td>
<td>Occurs when a cell's error text is needed.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellFormatting</td>
<td>Occurs when the contents of a cell need to be formatted for display.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when a cell loses input focus and is no longer the current cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellMouseClick</td>
<td>Occurs whenever the user clicks anywhere on a cell with the mouse.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellMouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when a cell within the DataGridView is double-clicked.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellMouseDown</td>
<td>Occurs when the user presses a mouse button while the mouse pointer is within the boundaries of a cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellMouseEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer enters a cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellMouseLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer leaves a cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellMouseMove</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer moves over the DataGridView control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellMouseUp</td>
<td>Occurs when the user releases a mouse button while over a cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellPainting</td>
<td>Occurs when a cell needs to be drawn.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellParsing</td>
<td>Occurs when a cell leaves edit mode if the cell value has been modified.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellStateChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when a cell state changes, such as when the cell loses or gains focus.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Style property of a DataGridViewCell changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellStyleContentChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when one of the values of a cell style changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellToolTipTextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ToolTipText property value changes for a cell in the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellToolTipTextNeeded</td>
<td>Occurs when a cell's ToolTip text is needed.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellValidated</td>
<td>Occurs after the cell has finished validating.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellValidating</td>
<td>Occurs when a cell loses input focus, enabling content validation.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellValueChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of a cell changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellValueNeeded</td>
<td>Occurs when the VirtualMode property of the DataGridView control is true and the DataGridView requires a value for a cell in order to format and display the cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellValuePushed</td>
<td>Occurs when the VirtualMode property of the DataGridView control is true and a cell value has changed and requires storage in the underlying data source.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ChangeUICues</td>
<td>Occurs when the focus or keyboard user interface (UI) cues change.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Click</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is clicked.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ClientSize property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnAdded</td>
<td>Occurs when a column is added to the control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ContextMenuStrip property of a column changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnDataPropertyNameChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DataPropertyName property for a column changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnDefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DefaultCellStyle property for a column changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnDisplayIndexChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value the DisplayIndex property for a column changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnDividerDoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the user double-clicks a divider between two columns.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnDividerWidthChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the DividerWidth property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnHeaderCellChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the contents of a column header cell change.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnHeaderMouseClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the user clicks a column header.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnHeaderMouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when a column header is double-clicked.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnHeadersBorderStyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ColumnHeadersBorderStyle property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnHeadersDefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ColumnHeadersDefaultCellStyle property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnHeadersHeightChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ColumnHeadersHeight property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnHeadersHeightSizeModeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ColumnHeadersHeightSizeMode property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnMinimumWidthChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the MinimumWidth property for a column changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnNameChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Name property for a column changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnRemoved</td>
<td>Occurs when a column is removed from the control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnSortModeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the SortMode property for a column changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnStateChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when a column changes state, such as gaining or losing focus.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnToolTipTextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ToolTipText property value changes for a column in the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ColumnWidthChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Width property for a column changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ContextMenuStrip property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlAdded</td>
<td>Occurs when a new control is added to the Control.ControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlRemoved</td>
<td>Occurs when a control is removed from the Control.ControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CurrentCellChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the CurrentCell property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CurrentCellDirtyStateChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the state of a cell changes in relation to a change in its contents.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CursorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Cursor property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindingComplete</td>
<td>Occurs after a data-binding operation has finished.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DataContext property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataError</td>
<td>Occurs when an external data-parsing or validation operation throws an exception, or when an attempt to commit data to a data source fails.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataMemberChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when value of the DataMember property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataSourceChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DataSource property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DefaultCellStyle property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultValuesNeeded</td>
<td>Occurs when the user enters the row for new records so that it can be populated with default values.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DockChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Dock property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is double-clicked.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DpiChangedAfterParent</td>
<td>Occurs when the DPI setting for a control is changed programmatically after the DPI of its parent control or form has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DpiChangedBeforeParent</td>
<td>Occurs when the DPI setting for a control is changed programmatically before a DPI change event for its parent control or form has occurred.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragDrop</td>
<td>Occurs when a drag-and-drop operation is completed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged into the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged out of the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragOver</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged over the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EditingControlShowing</td>
<td>Occurs when a control for editing a cell is showing.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EditModeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the EditMode property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EnabledChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Enabled property value has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enter</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is entered.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Font property value changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ForeColor property value changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GiveFeedback</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GotFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the control receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GridColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the GridColor property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HandleCreated</td>
<td>Occurs when a handle is created for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HandleDestroyed</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's handle is in the process of being destroyed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HelpRequested</td>
<td>Occurs when the user requests help for a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ImeMode property has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidated</td>
<td>Occurs when a control's display requires redrawing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyDown</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is pressed while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyPress</td>
<td>Occurs when a character. space or backspace key is pressed while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyUp</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is released while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Layout</td>
<td>Occurs when a control should reposition its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Leave</td>
<td>Occurs when the input focus leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LocationChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Location property value has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LostFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the control loses focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MarginChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's margin changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseCaptureChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control loses mouse capture.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is clicked by the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is double clicked by the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDown</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the control and a mouse button is pressed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer enters the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseHover</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer rests on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseMove</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is moved over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseUp</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the control and a mouse button is released.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseWheel</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse wheel moves while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Move</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is moved.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MultiSelectChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the MultiSelect property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NewRowNeeded</td>
<td>Occurs when the VirtualMode property of the DataGridView is true and the user navigates to the new row at the bottom of the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PaddingChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's padding changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Paint</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is redrawn.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="95425fe0-c521-c1b3-a85f-2a6c881a905a.md">PaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the palette changes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ParentChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Parent property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreviewKeyDown</td>
<td>Occurs before the KeyDown event when a key is pressed while focus is on this control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryAccessibilityHelp</td>
<td>Occurs when AccessibleObject is providing help to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag-and-drop operation and enables the drag source to determine whether the drag-and-drop operation should be canceled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ReadOnlyChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ReadOnly property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RegionChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Region property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Resize</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the RightToLeft property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ContextMenuStrip property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowContextMenuStripNeeded</td>
<td>Occurs when a row's shortcut menu is needed.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowDefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DefaultCellStyle property for a row changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowDirtyStateNeeded</td>
<td>Occurs when the VirtualMode property of the DataGridView control is true and the DataGridView needs to determine whether the current row has uncommitted changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowDividerDoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the user double-clicks the divider between two rows.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowDividerHeightChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the DividerHeight property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when a row receives input focus but before it becomes the current row.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowErrorTextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ErrorText property of a row changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowErrorTextNeeded</td>
<td>Occurs when a row's error text is needed.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeaderCellChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the user changes the contents of a row header cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeaderMouseClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the user clicks within the boundaries of a row header.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeaderMouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when a row header is double-clicked.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeadersBorderStyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the RowHeadersBorderStyle property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeadersDefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the RowHeadersDefaultCellStyle property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeadersWidthChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when value of the RowHeadersWidth property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeadersWidthSizeModeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the RowHeadersWidthSizeMode property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeightChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Height property for a row changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeightInfoNeeded</td>
<td>Occurs when information about row height is requested.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowHeightInfoPushed</td>
<td>Occurs when the user changes the height of a row.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when a row loses input focus and is no longer the current row.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowMinimumHeightChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the MinimumHeight property for a row changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowPostPaint</td>
<td>Occurs after a DataGridViewRow is painted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowPrePaint</td>
<td>Occurs before a DataGridViewRow is painted.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowsAdded</td>
<td>Occurs after a new row is added to the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowsDefaultCellStyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the RowsDefaultCellStyle property changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowsRemoved</td>
<td>Occurs when a row or rows are deleted from the DataGridView.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowStateChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when a row changes state, such as losing or gaining input focus.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowUnshared</td>
<td>Occurs when a row's state changes from shared to unshared.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowValidated</td>
<td>Occurs after a row has finished validating.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RowValidating</td>
<td>Occurs when a row is validating.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Scroll</td>
<td>Occurs when the user scrolls through the control contents.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectionChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the current selection changes.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Size property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortCompare</td>
<td>Occurs when the DataGridView compares two cell values to perform a sort operation.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Sorted</td>
<td>Occurs when the DataGridView control completes a sorting operation.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control style changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SystemColorsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the system colors change.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndexChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the TabIndex property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStopChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the TabStop property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Text property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UserAddedRow</td>
<td>Occurs when the user has finished adding a row to the DataGridView control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UserDeletedRow</td>
<td>Occurs when the user has finished deleting a row from the DataGridView control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UserDeletingRow</td>
<td>Occurs when the user deletes a row from the DataGridView control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridView)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validated</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is finished validating.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validating</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is validating.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VisibleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Visible property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
