# KryptonContextMenuPositionV Class


Specifies the relative vertical position for showing a KryptonContextMenu.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public sealed class KryptonContextMenuPositionV : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public NotInheritable Class KryptonContextMenuPositionV
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  KryptonContextMenuPositionV</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="ae7017a8-c3a8-8fa0-1dd8-e1a4a61c34fc.md">Above</a></td>
<td>Specifies bottom of context menu is adjacent to top of rectangle.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302b0116-7204-06c3-0a5a-eec423df91d9.md">Below</a></td>
<td>Specifies top of context menu is adjacent to bottom of rectangle.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="53c06670-087d-c983-dc1e-b6c0452ba7e8.md">Bottom</a></td>
<td>Specifies bottom of context menu is adjacent to bottom of rectangle.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e57f43a5-80e0-049d-0965-9dd3b23a2949.md">Top</a></td>
<td>Specifies top of context menu is adjacent to top of rectangle.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d2d40fae-d1e6-934b-1b6a-db5a6b896b58.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
