# KryptonThemeComboBox Class


Allows the user to change themes using a <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonThemeComboBox : KryptonComboBox
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonThemeComboBox
	Inherits KryptonComboBox
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  Control  →  <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>  →  <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>  →  KryptonThemeComboBox</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="d557a184-7bf2-bbed-eaef-701941164716.md">KryptonThemeComboBox</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the KryptonThemeComboBox class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="80c3857e-9b90-b602-48eb-4c8a8e988856.md">AllowButtonSpecToolTipPriority</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if button spec tooltips should remove the parent tooltip.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="02c23436-8215-e7a6-daba-582caf6935e7.md">AllowButtonSpecToolTips</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if tooltips should be Displayed for button specs.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can accept data that the user drags onto it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="981523f5-8e47-a732-cb40-8c371eaf4cdf.md">AlwaysActive</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets Determines if the control is always active or only when the mouse is over the control or has focus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ab9d8935-dec5-272f-9590-935bdd024222.md">Anchor</a></td>
<td>https://github.com/Krypton-Suite/Standard-Toolkit/issues/688<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2322461b-207c-67cc-b10e-ffcd10112bf3.md">AutoCompleteCustomSource</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the StringCollection to use when the AutoCompleteSource property is set to CustomSource.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b02148b4-b02e-8d7b-f0ef-f05fff048c18.md">AutoCompleteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the text completion behavior of the combobox.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5ac96257-4cba-d764-6ea5-5a64863ff7b7.md">AutoCompleteSource</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the autocomplete source, which can be one of the values from AutoCompleteSource enumeration.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="53eaf632-98f9-b36b-2005-95266d6c3828.md">BackColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background color for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1cb9b3f1-d625-1f75-6f48-9cd33918e4c4.md">BackgroundImage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fbcec284-5d61-c094-4119-30a008179f8c.md">BackgroundImageLayout</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image layout.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="286959d1-5320-443c-b785-e5b7801b1dda.md">ButtonSpecs</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of button specifications.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8feaf58a-0ac5-0b2f-c5a5-c1ab34f86d67.md">ComboBox</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the contained ComboBox instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d7da2f21-a030-c982-3f10-21f066d919aa.md">ContainedControl</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the contained input control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e1bd9fe6-f012-fc2c-bd81-3b9e5ce5a552.md">ContextMenuStrip</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the associated context menu strip.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Controls</td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cdadf660-743e-dc7a-4ec0-550753d593b0.md">CornerRoundingRadius</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the corner rounding radius.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateParams</td>
<td>Gets the required creation parameters when the control handle is created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f1986766-5c5b-3954-0c5c-703b28a5f31f.md">CueHint</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common textbox appearance entries that other states can override.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e2392526-ea37-a3f6-731b-82b86cfa7586.md">DataSource</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the list that this control will use to gets its items.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0d170d69-c495-b0d9-88f6-106e9de1d1a1.md">DefaultSize</a></td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8c03808b-5c08-f7bb-95a9-75cf5eaff997.md">DisplayMember</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the property to display for the items in this control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="642c6d31-8d4a-3193-252b-6e835c5f762d.md">DisplayRectangle</a></td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the display area of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dock</td>
<td>Gets or sets which control borders are docked to its parent control and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="353eecf0-67ac-cf3d-472f-7feeee0c58c3.md">DrawMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the draw mode of the combobox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="58d20fc0-c3e1-ac56-df43-fd2648c027d8.md">DropBackStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the drop button style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="83d1a342-c965-1676-5bbf-63b488630d86.md">DropButtonStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the drop button style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8a4fc9c0-c199-5aec-2404-6ff8eafa84fd.md">DropDownHeight</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the height, in pixels, of the drop down box in a KryptonComboBox.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="edaa3936-7d12-1242-f4cc-6d5c93e6a70e.md">DropDownStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the appearance and functionality of the KryptonComboBox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="880e01be-9718-e749-fcad-5daeb8aa5c3e.md">DropDownWidth</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the width, in pixels, of the drop down box in a KryptonComboBox.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2262f202-d8e0-9aa7-d7cf-290107129ab1.md">DroppedDown</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating whether the control is displaying its drop-down portion.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f77f144-461b-e0c7-d404-e98cb632abe2.md">EvalInvokePaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to use Invoke to force a repaint.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7fc29da5-ef7d-cb58-d051-e291fc65f69f.md">Focused</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="176f958f-a480-5ff2-36fa-248ebd1d6fe4.md">Font</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the font of the text Displayed by the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f83b32a-89c7-bf44-a2f2-64a07436083b.md">ForeColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the foreground color for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="763fa2bc-0322-1ce0-ebc2-e5e0d38ba79a.md">FormatInfo</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the formatting provider.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="92629587-40ec-6b08-f902-de8fa330753c.md">FormatString</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the format specifier characters that indicate how a value is to be Displayed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1985bb88-a185-868a-9315-a36e48dbde47.md">FormattingEnabled</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets if this property is true, the value of FormatString is used to convert the value of DisplayMember into a value that can be Displayed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="948f8717-2943-8c98-9a97-da08037475cc.md">InputControlStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the input control style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="93fe20e7-d1fa-7812-73e9-ca9152c60dca.md">IntegralHeight</a></td>
<td><br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0234c94c-972a-143c-217d-83d7104303c8.md">Items</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the items in the KryptonComboBox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b1b03793-930f-45c9-4ae1-8999e80202e5.md">ItemStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the item style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19e559e5-49d6-6837-1d3e-bd30310c9e4b.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the KryptonContextMenu to show when right clicked.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a13b4ae8-f2ab-e537-7c0a-9e856e45ba39.md">KryptonCustomPalette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ThemeSelectedIndex.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="db4bae38-81dc-34d8-fe4a-06ec8bd3822d.md">MaxDropDownItems</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the maximum number of entries to display in the drop-down list.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the upper limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="03cbebbc-c5a5-60ef-7020-a20dae025abf.md">MaxLength</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the maximum number of characters that can be entered into the edit control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the lower limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e8e19cb-0b87-5a93-8dae-ba685ab768d3.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd0acfd2-24e3-79cc-4d0e-393dc3db77cf.md">NeedPaintPaletteDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint palette delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76de231e-1e7e-f794-8483-ddea441042ee.md">NeedTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if transparent paint is needed<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets padding within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0cd21a8-cecb-c891-532e-34ba62c82f21.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41c3411b-ffb0-095e-47b4-fc6ce7c5db17.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="177219af-8f43-9c87-623d-ff4ae2155849.md">Redirector</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the palette redirector.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81eeb3c2-d939-1525-0987-b9cd7d94af7d.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="49470e6d-0fd3-1cbe-faee-d7b7032c8728.md">SelectedIndex</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the selected index.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a9511921-e536-a764-31b3-7054b8f2ff47.md">SelectedItem</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the selected item.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5852fb63-a1b3-eaa6-3405-2fb7f8318cfc.md">SelectedText</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text that is selected in the editable portion of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8847d2bd-8363-bed7-fafa-f95c50d46d31.md">SelectedValue</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the selected value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1d0ab155-eb36-4fa0-b9a5-e115b3017688.md">SelectionLength</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the number of characters selected in the editable portion of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="526915db-4e65-0fe7-b718-a1c08bb894fe.md">SelectionStart</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the starting index of selected text in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b8b4149e-6b95-393d-7695-410082486793.md">Sorted</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets whether the items in the list portion of the KryptonComboBox are sorted.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9bc9a6f5-685c-d63a-8be7-bddea50830fd.md">StateActive</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the active combobox appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e148e898-d717-d9d6-9068-c78efb5f4a44.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common combobox appearance entries that other states can override.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76329cac-a8c8-9519-cd20-c37ef0ec4c46.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled combobox appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b1f98fdb-d832-ad5a-094a-f1d1817d5134.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal combobox appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8c37d9a7-dfb4-f258-9231-d96f0855a8cb.md">StateTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the tracking combobox appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5464b0be-c914-2238-73df-891a5c5c1810.md">TabStop</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the control is in the tab chain.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6c1e3c1a-33e4-9d5a-9ea2-bad53f2cb2b7.md">Text</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text associated associated with the control.<br />(Overrides <a href="4e870ea3-cd18-32e8-3ac0-9153df55edc5.md">KryptonComboBox.Text</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="09639560-54ce-5202-8aca-b40c70d6d3d6.md">ThemeSelectedIndex</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ThemeSelectedIndex.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9a1858ec-c6c6-9127-9e26-3136c6546bd3.md">ToolTipManager</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ToolTipManager used for displaying tool tips.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7bc15b0f-7b9c-1821-d705-0229ee9c0438.md">ToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the button content.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f51f7937-adcf-25ad-781c-3ae22623fe0d.md">TransparentParent</a></td>
<td>Gets the control reference that is the parent for transparent drawing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aab08fe8-5308-2eae-e8f9-71a3359a11b8.md">UseMnemonic</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether mnemonics will fire button spec buttons.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="30834d6c-66f2-a780-7547-0382ceb060f2.md">ValueMember</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the value member.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyClients(AccessibleEvents, Int32)</td>
<td>Notifies the accessibility client applications of the specified AccessibleEvents for the specified child control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyClients(AccessibleEvents, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Notifies the accessibility client applications of the specified AccessibleEvents for the specified child control .<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ef36e1d8-ab7d-cd3b-cfc4-e41c5fdc03c2.md">BeginInit</a></td>
<td>Signals the object that initialization is starting.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously with the specified arguments, on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76041c86-bab2-796c-b1ee-61a782d2bead.md">BeginUpdate</a></td>
<td>Maintains performance when items are added to the ComboBox one at a time.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BringToFront</td>
<td>Brings the control to the front of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fc58c042-3c2d-f021-e1f5-73d489c5113d.md">CanProcessMnemonic</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating is processing of mnemonics should be allowed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ffbf6243-6dc5-7871-e3d8-7ffcddfdf32c.md">CheckPerformLayout</a></td>
<td>Check if the layout is dirty and if so perform the layout now.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Contains</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating whether the specified control is a child of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ed56ab8e-9bd7-6187-b49c-d54ecbf66607.md">ContextMenuClosed</a></td>
<td>Called when a context menu has just been closed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateAccessibilityInstance</td>
<td>Creates a new accessibility object for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateControl</td>
<td>Forces the creation of the visible control, including the creation of the handle and any visible child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b0542a8e-43a6-1810-3fb6-61eee208ea2e.md">CreateControlsInstance</a></td>
<td>Creates a new instance of the control collection for the KryptonComboBox.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateGraphics</td>
<td>Creates the Graphics for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateHandle</td>
<td>Creates a handle for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8ff9ba75-cc49-b4e0-76a3-ffc2a389eca5.md">CreateRedirector</a></td>
<td>Create the redirector instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="905881ec-adfd-7948-eb6d-6f60a2c6086a.md">CreateToolStripRenderer</a></td>
<td>Create a tool strip renderer appropriate for the current renderer/palette pair.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">

VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefWndProc</td>
<td>Sends the specified message to the default window procedure.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1e344e5e-fb52-d3af-f7dd-8002332cdc53.md">DesignerComponentFromPoint</a></td>
<td>Internal designing mode method.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="88dc30bd-baef-d2e3-0b90-62049d81602a.md">DesignerGetHitTest</a></td>
<td>Internal designing mode method.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63674194-48d7-5193-d0b0-2059056e1c0b.md">DesignerMouseLeave</a></td>
<td>Internal designing mode method.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DestroyHandle</td>
<td>Destroys the handle associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="053c3100-c45f-5bc0-6eaf-22ac2530223b.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Clean up any resources being used.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects)</td>
<td>Begins a drag-and-drop operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects, Bitmap, Point, Boolean)</td>
<td>Begins a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DrawToBitmap</td>
<td>Supports rendering to the specified bitmap.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a78ed3dc-c2e8-695f-60f4-3f78b3525f20.md">EndInit</a></td>
<td>Signals the object that initialization is complete.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EndInvoke</td>
<td>Retrieves the return value of the asynchronous operation represented by the IAsyncResult passed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2a8a1c77-7a44-7938-911d-2211eb21c27c.md">EndUpdate</a></td>
<td>Resumes painting the ComboBox control after painting is suspended by the BeginUpdate method.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a493c18f-f12b-a98f-f822-27edcb84d15d.md">EvalTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to paint transparent areas.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindForm</td>
<td>Retrieves the form that the control is on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7ee36619-8038-3684-3874-0c1ecf69c28d.md">FindString(String)</a></td>
<td>Finds the first item in the combo box that starts with the specified string.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="88b17c4d-23fb-9e3e-a82d-afc32bdf5bab.md">FindString(String, Int32)</a></td>
<td>Finds the first item after the given index which starts with the given string. The search is not case sensitive.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="558d691d-0351-109c-cae1-417be5f4a013.md">FindStringExact(String)</a></td>
<td>Finds the first item in the combo box that matches the specified string.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dcfe6f3b-610f-d8a6-eb2a-60dbf5ebc7c6.md">FindStringExact(String, Int32)</a></td>
<td>Finds the first item after the specified index that matches the specified string.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="746beab3-1c72-80bc-286d-7df0d054f55f.md">Focus</a></td>
<td>Sets input focus to the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="35b6841b-e431-2d1a-93fd-40e6b9046782.md">ForceControlLayout</a></td>
<td>Force the layout logic to size and position the controls.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4ae48011-3a45-ca60-ec5b-10120880f702.md">ForceViewLayout</a></td>
<td>Force the control to perform a krypton layout to calculate size and positioning.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetAccessibilityObjectById</td>
<td>Retrieves the specified AccessibleObject.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating how a control will behave when its AutoSize() property is enabled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point, GetChildAtPointSkip)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates, specifying whether to ignore child controls of a certain type.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetContainerControl</td>
<td>Returns the next ContainerControl up the control's chain of parent controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1d26e87c-6a59-048a-2328-51756707131b.md">GetItemHeight</a></td>
<td>Returns the height of an item in the ComboBox.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a208ae39-6f5e-1ea5-bde9-bbea26c48042.md">GetItemText</a></td>
<td>Returns the text representation of the specified item.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetNextControl</td>
<td>Retrieves the next control forward or back in the tab order of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2181aaa1-be90-2418-3625-ba22add20a37.md">GetPreferredSize</a></td>
<td>Get the preferred size of the control based on a proposed size.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetScaledBounds</td>
<td>Retrieves the bounds within which the control is scaled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStyle</td>
<td>Retrieves the value of the specified control style bit for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTopLevel</td>
<td>Determines if the control is a top-level control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Hide</td>
<td>Conceals the control from the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitLayout</td>
<td>Called after the control has been added to another container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate()</td>
<td>Invalidates the entire surface of the control and causes the control to be redrawn.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates a specific region of the control and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate, on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle, with the specified list of arguments.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(T)(Func(T))</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeGotFocus</td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4e4e64cb-cf30-e810-85d9-48111c6388c3.md">InvokeLayout</a></td>
<td>Request a layout be performed before any painting occurs.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeLostFocus</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeOnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokePaint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokePaintBackground</td>
<td>Raises the PaintBackground event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputChar</td>
<td>Determines if a character is an input character that the control recognizes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputKey</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified key is a regular input key or a special key that requires preprocessing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Int32)</td>
<td>Converts a Logical DPI value to its equivalent DeviceUnit DPI value.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Size)</td>
<td>Transforms a size from logical to device units by scaling it for the current DPI and rounding down to the nearest integer value for width and height.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="74fd6525-bfbe-3f74-849b-bd22402e3131.md">MarkLayoutDirty</a></td>
<td>Mark the layout as being dirty and needing to be performed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NotifyInvalidate</td>
<td>Raises the Invalidated event with a specified region of the control to invalidate.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAutoSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AutoSizeChanged() event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4198637f-f2eb-975c-e863-5164e657cb99.md">OnBackColorChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackColorChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="14b9f2fb-0fe2-0aa0-9d44-6e7f8b77f380.md">OnBackgroundImageChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundImageChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41001666-535e-6765-1f76-e35181de4925.md">OnBackgroundImageLayoutChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageLayoutChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundImageLayoutChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageLayoutChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a5e103ba-e1f9-e850-b22d-ed7a7d0ec35f.md">OnButtonSpecChanged</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette storage of a button spec change.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c0707e77-e897-b794-fdeb-a7b01b11daaa.md">OnCausesValidationChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the CausesValidationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCausesValidationChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the CausesValidationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnChangeUICues</td>
<td>Raises the ChangeUICues event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClientSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ClientSizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ContextMenuStripChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnControlAdded</td>
<td>Raises the ControlAdded event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnControlRemoved</td>
<td>Raises the ControlRemoved event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="37ef3a09-2f3e-50d4-49eb-a44ac5821560.md">OnCreateControl</a></td>
<td>Raises the CreateControl() method.<br />(Overrides Control.OnCreateControl())</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCursorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CursorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataContextChanged</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7a7a16a3-2ec1-b867-f5c2-948dd1c31dc1.md">OnDataSourceChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the DataSourceChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ac8f4c5a-fbc7-9c83-5a48-14dd69105b14.md">OnDisplayMemberChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the DisplayMemberChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDockChanged</td>
<td>Raises the DockChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the DoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChangedAfterParent</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChangedAfterParent event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChangedBeforeParent</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChangedBeforeParent event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragDrop</td>
<td>Raises the DragDrop event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragEnter</td>
<td>Raises the DragEnter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragLeave</td>
<td>Raises the DragLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragOver</td>
<td>Raises the DragOver event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a2ec7e8e-c0d8-70d6-7662-b5b103d598ae.md">OnDrawItem</a></td>
<td>Raises the [E:DrawItem] event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0af74e9d-b5d4-4ad3-d33d-e9bab1e38ced.md">OnDropDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the DropDown event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c7d175dc-9027-2db3-68a1-4ac1a73d7362.md">OnDropDownClosed</a></td>
<td>Raises the DropDownClosed event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e6edb56c-fa09-08eb-a066-60e7a9108ad8.md">OnDropDownStyleChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the DropDownStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9ecc163a-daba-63dd-8288-279ca938b2a3.md">OnEnabledChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnabledChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnter</td>
<td>Raises the Enter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="876bb7c8-c543-8bc3-908d-5f1342bf25f2.md">OnForeColorChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnForeColorChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="209938ac-dbbd-0846-9e59-2c33f1c63456.md">OnFormat</a></td>
<td>Raises the Format event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a4686e02-0f33-5c64-fd1d-1513898c8efb.md">OnFormatInfoChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the FormatInfoChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fdfa533f-5e58-bd54-ab9d-30ee0bd62687.md">OnFormatStringChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the FormatStringChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4530f511-ab18-1f53-3b77-11917c81062f.md">OnFormattingEnabledChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the FormattingEnabledChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGiveFeedback</td>
<td>Raises the GiveFeedback event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="49bcb367-aa09-f4b7-0983-0fc7a7e27188.md">OnGlobalPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the global palette has been changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="34b1d69d-81dc-2c49-0baa-c85a6b7e7439.md">OnGotFocus(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGotFocus(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bd93bd23-274c-3d32-8948-5bb4c497e63a.md">OnHandleCreated(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the HandleCreated event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleCreated(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the HandleCreated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleDestroyed</td>
<td>Raises the HandleDestroyed event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHelpRequested</td>
<td>Raises the HelpRequested event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="752e2e9f-9427-b83e-1c9d-06ed6349ab29.md">OnHoverSelectionChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the HoveredSelectionChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnImeModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ImeModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0ff59a7c-5df7-90b5-a8df-d3c9c3257dd6.md">OnInitialized</a></td>
<td>Raises the Initialized event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnInvalidated</td>
<td>Raises the Invalidated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0b765a9-ae10-5c47-844f-4cbd0720665e.md">OnKeyDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="562399ab-f214-22a5-ba83-51430bf4971a.md">OnKeyPress</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyPress event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="992e5695-361b-297d-c36b-f9dc612bca90.md">OnKeyUp</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyUp event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c6c1ca31-2230-8485-b9b8-f8fb2ca9074e.md">OnLayout</a></td>
<td>Raises the Layout event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLeave</td>
<td>Raises the Leave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLocationChanged</td>
<td>Raises the LocationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4b7ebb36-fd2a-97ca-5698-cab87f8276d9.md">OnLostFocus(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLostFocus(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMarginChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MarginChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseCaptureChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MouseCaptureChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseClick</td>
<td>Raises the MouseClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the MouseDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ad475383-1b15-a673-a877-2b0e1bd04d09.md">OnMouseDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseDown event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8368a061-362d-1a5d-76eb-661370b8f668.md">OnMouseEnter(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseEnter event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseEnter(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the MouseEnter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseHover</td>
<td>Raises the MouseHover event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bc0456b2-b28c-0b13-bad6-0be29088bb40.md">OnMouseLeave(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseLeave(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3afd164a-6e9b-a40f-136a-e11105053ddd.md">OnMouseMove</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseMove event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="27ef0a19-e939-207f-b6bb-bda1b91100c8.md">OnMouseUp</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseUp event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseWheel</td>
<td>Raises the MouseWheel event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMove</td>
<td>Raises the Move event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a2760f2c-adf6-74f4-8cdd-562b974b3d89.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette storage of a paint and optional layout required.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnNotifyMessage</td>
<td>Notifies the control of Windows messages.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9d673d39-ee1a-f687-9785-84f0e255b402.md">OnPaddingChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the PaddingChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaddingChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the PaddingChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="25f08755-f5ef-1e83-dc4e-39daf5e219ba.md">OnPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaintBackground</td>
<td>Paints the background of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fd5d19de-b37c-64b0-ffa8-8e82ad7336fb.md">OnPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PaletteChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="87ea5f5f-0bce-0212-960e-9ae6d99c67e9.md">OnPaletteNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette of a paint and optional layout required.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event when the BackColor property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event when the BackgroundImage property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event when the BindingContext property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ParentChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentCursorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CursorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentDataContextChanged</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentEnabledChanged</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event when the Enabled property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event when the Font property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event when the ForeColor property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentRightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event when the RightToLeft property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event when the Visible property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPreviewKeyDown</td>
<td>Raises the PreviewKeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPrint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnQueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Raises the QueryContinueDrag event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRegionChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RegionChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81e6b9c2-9d7d-f037-40bc-9133d4b2e763.md">OnResize(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the Resize event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnResize(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the Resize event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3d589f45-f95b-b580-5776-9f7541e4de34.md">OnRightToLeftChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRightToLeftChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bc00d49a-b348-d891-8337-f8bafbbc03b1.md">OnSelectedIndexChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the SelectedIndexChanged event.<br />(Overrides <a href="c71c9c4f-0a9b-0ee0-fe0c-21d0dcffbf3c.md">KryptonComboBox.OnSelectedIndexChanged(EventArgs)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1eabb06f-1a42-4417-41bc-af40a631421c.md">OnSelectedValueChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the SelectedValueChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="07d2615c-3611-4d26-ea27-121cb9fe2874.md">OnSelectionChangeCommitted</a></td>
<td>Raises the SelectionChangeCommitted event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the StyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSystemColorsChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SystemColorsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTabIndexChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TabIndexChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="56a119e0-135f-60fa-b20b-fbbc7d8e16bb.md">OnTabStopChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the TabStop event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTabStopChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the TabStopChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3cbcd294-b3cc-b329-58b2-d14dda6231d4.md">OnTextUpdate</a></td>
<td>Raises the TextUpdate event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dafd5e2e-88ec-7eaf-c291-155c0a8c3627.md">OnToolTipNeeded</a></td>
<td>Raises the ToolTipNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="039eddc2-6ed7-ff01-0a18-1412806cc3da.md">OnTrackMouseEnter</a></td>
<td>Raises the TrackMouseEnter event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="61c067ac-4ad4-4c73-b768-8aff82bb0d48.md">OnTrackMouseLeave</a></td>
<td>Raises the TrackMouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1304f536-92a1-c8da-ff7a-43329fe2f3b8.md">OnUserPreferenceChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when a user preference has changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidated</td>
<td>Raises the Validated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidating</td>
<td>Raises the Validating event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c3878869-04df-5ba6-0f04-787870dcb770.md">OnValueMemberChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the ValueMemberChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6aceb63f-9ce6-400f-73c0-8dccd3fab465.md">PaintBackground</a></td>
<td>Perform background painting with the provided default values.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout()</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout(Control, String)</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="408d7ab8-85b5-a283-4721-d1229b9e1ec2.md">PerformNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToClient</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified screen point into client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified client point into screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessControlMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="14536465-5748-35e6-e1e6-2278046bda62.md">ProcessCmdKey</a></td>
<td>Processes a command key.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDialogChar</td>
<td>Processes a dialog character.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDialogKey</td>
<td>Processes a dialog key.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyEventArgs</td>
<td>Processes a key message and generates the appropriate control events.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyMessage</td>
<td>Processes a keyboard message.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyPreview</td>
<td>Previews a keyboard message.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessMnemonic</td>
<td>Processes a mnemonic character.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseDragEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate drag event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseKeyEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate key event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseMouseEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate mouse event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaisePaintEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreateHandle</td>
<td>Forces the re-creation of the handle for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToClient</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified screen rectangle in client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified client rectangle in screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Refresh</td>
<td>Forces the control to invalidate its client area and immediately redraw itself and any child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RescaleConstantsForDpi</td>
<td>Provides constants for rescaling the control when a DPI change occurs.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResetMouseEventArgs</td>
<td>Resets the control to handle the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1f2f1132-e2b2-96db-249e-26b3e471c6c9.md">ResetPalette</a></td>
<td>Resets the Palette property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cfc2bdf2-2961-70c9-3ca4-9671ed4d7ead.md">ResetPaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Resets the PaletteMode property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResetText</td>
<td>Resets the Text property to its default value (Empty).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="587b7e23-ebba-0c4c-afec-49f9b5818ec2.md">ResetToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipValues property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout()</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout(Boolean)</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic, optionally forcing an immediate layout of pending layout requests.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fa84ef75-c788-e471-0bde-07cb33df5cba.md">ReturnPaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Returns the palette mode.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(ContentAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified ContentAlignment to the appropriate ContentAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(HorizontalAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified HorizontalAlignment to the appropriate HorizontalAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(LeftRightAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified LeftRightAlignment to the appropriate LeftRightAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateContent</td>
<td>Converts the specified ContentAlignment to the appropriate ContentAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateHorizontal</td>
<td>Converts the specified HorizontalAlignment to the appropriate HorizontalAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateLeftRight</td>
<td>Converts the specified LeftRightAlignment to the appropriate LeftRightAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Scale</td>
<td>Scales the control and all child controls by the specified scaling factor.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleBitmapLogicalToDevice</td>
<td>Scales a logical bitmap value to it's equivalent device unit value when a DPI change occurs.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleControl</td>
<td>Scales a control's location, size, padding and margin.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="60c37329-c258-717b-8d27-46108e453862.md">Select()</a></td>
<td>Activates the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Select(Boolean, Boolean)</td>
<td>Activates a child control. Optionally specifies the direction in the tab order to select the control from.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ae76efb8-48c4-4f61-2e82-323397123b06.md">Select(Int32, Int32)</a></td>
<td>Selects a range of text in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="af6fcd4e-5e82-81f2-c788-4af988facc96.md">SelectAll</a></td>
<td>Selects all text in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectNextControl</td>
<td>Activates the next control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SendToBack</td>
<td>Sends the control to the back of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Sets a value indicating how a control will behave when its AutoSize() property is enabled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Sets the bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, BoundsSpecified)</td>
<td>Sets the specified bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="169e4c50-cc37-c070-cd93-80b0069bff12.md">SetBoundsCore</a></td>
<td>Performs the work of setting the specified bounds of this control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetClientSizeCore</td>
<td>Sets the size of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="868e468d-e1a2-fe36-3427-ee1617375683.md">SetFixedState</a></td>
<td>Sets the fixed state of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bf739e84-c9ba-c0dc-4a6f-56f3cf0e3714.md">SetLayoutDisplayPadding</a></td>
<td>Override the display padding for the layout fill.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetStyle</td>
<td>Sets a specified ControlStyles flag to either true or false.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetTopLevel</td>
<td>Sets the control as the top-level control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetVisibleCore</td>
<td>Sets the control to the specified visible state.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Show</td>
<td>Displays the control to the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeFromClientSize</td>
<td>Determines the size of the entire control from the height and width of its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SuspendLayout</td>
<td>Temporarily suspends the layout logic for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Update</td>
<td>Causes the control to redraw the invalidated regions within its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds()</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the current size and location.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the specified size and location.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the specified size, location, and client size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="07a40314-0c37-654b-e81b-68809af7c653.md">UpdateGlobalEvents</a></td>
<td>Update global event attachments.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateStyles</td>
<td>Forces the assigned styles to be reapplied to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateZOrder</td>
<td>Updates the control in its parent's z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c92eebae-5bbc-c727-fc44-87f0050670fa.md">ViewFromPoint</a></td>
<td>Gets the view associated with the provided client location.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1e799970-6f3e-ce90-730e-2588bd91cc07.md">WndProc</a></td>
<td>Process Windows-based messages.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>BackColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackColor property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackgroundImage property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageLayoutChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the BackgroundImageLayout property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BindingContext property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidationChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the CausesValidation property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ChangeUICues</td>
<td>Occurs when the focus or keyboard user interface (UI) cues change.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Click</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is clicked.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ClientSize property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ContextMenuStrip property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlAdded</td>
<td>Occurs when a new control is added to the Control.ControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlRemoved</td>
<td>Occurs when a control is removed from the Control.ControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CursorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Cursor property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DataContext property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6c56fc18-186c-7d6e-5edb-abd7a45f4a79.md">DataSourceChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DataSource property changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="40571fd8-1715-1b02-c420-4770df22b9b4.md">DisplayMemberChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DisplayMember property changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DockChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Dock property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is double-clicked.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DpiChangedAfterParent</td>
<td>Occurs when the DPI setting for a control is changed programmatically after the DPI of its parent control or form has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DpiChangedBeforeParent</td>
<td>Occurs when the DPI setting for a control is changed programmatically before a DPI change event for its parent control or form has occurred.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragDrop</td>
<td>Occurs when a drag-and-drop operation is completed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged into the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged out of the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragOver</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged over the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0d8f0b1b-0890-30d2-4acb-f09935d64500.md">DrawItem</a></td>
<td>Occurs when [draw item].<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ffde38b2-801f-cffc-efd5-95bbbf4d9cf6.md">DropDown</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the drop-down portion of the KryptonComboBox is shown.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3e8a1317-e136-23c9-314e-be00306cc4bd.md">DropDownClosed</a></td>
<td>Indicates that the drop-down portion of the KryptonComboBox has closed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="415db4ff-5f4f-13b5-400f-d18ed94f3f63.md">DropDownStyleChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DropDownStyle property changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EnabledChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Enabled property value has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enter</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is entered.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Font property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ForeColor property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cd571c96-941f-ccb2-0029-83fbada77b11.md">Format</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the list format has changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dbe75d0e-2adf-5d00-4896-1e1803dad11c.md">FormatInfoChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the FormatInfo property changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3d9fb346-b73d-570d-71f9-fc269460ccf1.md">FormatStringChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the FormatString property changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d596f6de-0b30-8fdf-9723-785d67604e2f.md">FormattingEnabledChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the FormattingEnabled property changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GiveFeedback</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="86b6b593-be64-74e5-9b90-1c294818dd61.md">GlobalPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the Global palette changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GotFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the control receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HandleCreated</td>
<td>Occurs when a handle is created for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HandleDestroyed</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's handle is in the process of being destroyed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HelpRequested</td>
<td>Occurs when the user requests help for a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="35332687-99c0-ae4d-e258-d8fdbbb00f6d.md">HoveredSelectionChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the hovered selection changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ImeMode property has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1b387fd8-67d0-f12a-f4cf-a5e43a79a074.md">Initialized</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the control is initialized.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidated</td>
<td>Occurs when a control's display requires redrawing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyDown</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is pressed while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyPress</td>
<td>Occurs when a character. space or backspace key is pressed while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyUp</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is released while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Layout</td>
<td>Occurs when a control should reposition its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Leave</td>
<td>Occurs when the input focus leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LocationChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Location property value has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LostFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the control loses focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MarginChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's margin changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseCaptureChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control loses mouse capture.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is clicked by the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is double clicked by the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDown</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the control and a mouse button is pressed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer enters the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseHover</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer rests on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseMove</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is moved over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseUp</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the control and a mouse button is released.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseWheel</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse wheel moves while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Move</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is moved.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PaddingChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's padding changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Paint</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is redrawn.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="32d43992-02c5-c372-c8ca-601d1a133690.md">PaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the palette changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ParentChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Parent property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreviewKeyDown</td>
<td>Occurs before the KeyDown event when a key is pressed while focus is on this control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryAccessibilityHelp</td>
<td>Occurs when AccessibleObject is providing help to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag-and-drop operation and enables the drag source to determine whether the drag-and-drop operation should be canceled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RegionChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Region property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Resize</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the RightToLeft property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8835179e-4ed1-d61e-af1a-e4891a0cf7ae.md">SelectedIndexChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the SelectedIndex property changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="15cdbf3e-1675-ad8a-9b18-501354dfccd1.md">SelectedValueChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the SelectedValue property changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="66417a16-aa2a-77f3-6e09-a06e28aed80f.md">SelectionChangeCommitted</a></td>
<td>Occurs when an item is chosen from the drop-down list and the drop-down list is closed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Size property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control style changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SystemColorsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the system colors change.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndexChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the TabIndex property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStopChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the TabStop property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Text property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="545382a7-5c4d-4a39-7e9b-33b08a40da0a.md">TextUpdate</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the KryptonComboBox text has changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e711f181-2f47-4b74-4c21-67447c0c07bc.md">ToolTipNeeded</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a> wants to display a tooltip.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a199ffa8-8b8f-6e3d-3ec6-c3e48c3abf6f.md">TrackMouseEnter</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse enters the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="241e36b7-3d51-7442-44b0-4816bad64367.md">TrackMouseLeave</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validated</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is finished validating.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validating</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is validating.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6264a725-cd94-e662-a440-62a2a5c11759.md">ValueMemberChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ValueMember property changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VisibleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Visible property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="ec29487f-dfd2-5e9c-83e3-814fc9eb177b.md">visualBasePopupToolTip</a></td>
<td><br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
<a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>  
