# KryptonContextMenu Class


Represents a shortcut menu with Krypton palette styling.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonContextMenu : Component
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonContextMenu
	Inherits Component
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  KryptonContextMenu</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Derived</strong></td><td><a href="356e09a7-7be9-5445-808c-4ac461e2eccc.md">Krypton.Toolkit.DTPContextMenu</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="1a7b38f6-1435-05e9-b737-c638e8247c4f.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonContextMenu class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="5634b53b-8aa7-563e-693f-2f31252d61c7.md">Caller</a></td>
<td>Gets a reference to the caller that caused the context menu to be shown.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the component can raise an event.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f98c5913-a21a-afcb-bec1-d8c862ff7fe7.md">Enabled</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the context menu is enabled.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="283614d3-e29c-8d32-26cf-ca1f9464c448.md">Images</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the image value overrides.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1f83d830-4b80-c762-f294-1d9f37370a55.md">Items</a></td>
<td>Collection of menu items for display.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71fc16ef-89ec-39cd-0419-a38454412292.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b97de70a-564c-1983-6942-86ecde6c1107.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ISite of the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3fd7d47b-291a-4111-9073-cf0d2eb71c96.md">StateChecked</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the context menu normal appearance values.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cd34a309-cc2a-a2c9-a9cd-e4ad1b50d74b.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common context menu appearance entries that other states can override.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="97778c62-ea4d-0ae2-6553-ee949f24d44f.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the context menu disabled appearance values.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ad254052-5a76-4158-925b-08f4b9838b0c.md">StateHighlight</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the context menu highlight appearance values.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="455e4981-d130-0a6e-74f0-10b603087ee3.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the context menu normal appearance values.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="53ae7c5b-92a3-4fa5-3c97-c9692c5b7977.md">Tag</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets user-defined data associated with the object.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="cd1a54e1-40fa-f6b4-c5a2-5e877ba73e6c.md">Close()</a></td>
<td>Close any showing context menu.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="135b27cd-109b-f4d3-8f6a-bdca3a11e61e.md">Close(ToolStripDropDownCloseReason)</a></td>
<td>Close any showing context menu.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="99b84ba6-168a-cd99-a9b4-928c0cc9d48a.md">CreateContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Create a new visual context menu for showing the defined items.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c29b9df9-db98-4483-c111-c25add986888.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Clean up any resources being used.<br />(Overrides Component.Dispose(Boolean))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8ba27331-f002-bc9e-4b0a-0bd13b4dd31a.md">OnClosed</a></td>
<td>Raises the Closed event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="afadd35f-0809-0427-9d0d-6e51a16dc1f1.md">OnClosing</a></td>
<td>Raises the Closing event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5027451e-d66a-d87b-2a9a-034bdc7300f5.md">OnOpened</a></td>
<td>Raises the Opened event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="30f792ea-c443-0f2d-e930-7dc11a1b67e0.md">OnOpening</a></td>
<td>Raises the Opening event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7faa8797-f441-d665-43b0-554b28235a91.md">ProcessShortcut</a></td>
<td>Test for the provided shortcut and perform relevant action if a match is found.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aa99deab-5573-1702-5e3d-efd6b9a142f4.md">ResetPalette</a></td>
<td>Resets the Palette property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4e05f4b0-c8d9-b4cb-8e19-ef1be7a719d7.md">ResetPaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Resets the PaletteMode property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="034ffc2c-5a23-cc2c-809c-65c6dc29ab2e.md">ResetTag</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="952d7f8d-3d2f-6f76-7db7-b109c3158984.md">Show(Object)</a></td>
<td>Show the context menu at the current mouse location.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0364a317-d090-73cb-9203-e339274de829.md">Show(Object, Point)</a></td>
<td>Show the context menu relative to the provided screen point.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b42245d6-834a-0c3c-ee88-c1f1f7d40432.md">Show(Object, Rectangle)</a></td>
<td>Show the context menu relative to the provided screen rectangle.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dcaa0b56-b99d-6a34-493b-00a05360d7dc.md">Show(Object, KryptonContextMenuPositionH, KryptonContextMenuPositionV)</a></td>
<td>Show the context menu relative to the current mouse location.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="788987b9-3008-5f0a-2f5f-aceae71ed482.md">Show(Object, Point, KryptonContextMenuPositionH, KryptonContextMenuPositionV)</a></td>
<td>Show the context menu relative to the provided screen point.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="099a8d52-3aa1-63f7-3385-68dd4d3d6170.md">Show(Object, Rectangle, KryptonContextMenuPositionH, KryptonContextMenuPositionV)</a></td>
<td>Show the context menu relative to the provided screen rectangle.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="27d07ae3-51a6-9bf7-a961-ae703838cae6.md">Show(Object, Rectangle, KryptonContextMenuPositionH, KryptonContextMenuPositionV, Boolean, Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Show the context menu relative to the provided screen rectangle.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="3f6dd8dd-7ca6-3aee-4fa9-9b9ccbaae56f.md">Closed</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the context menu has been closed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4ec1f2bf-57f6-8387-8062-6e28b871b6c9.md">Closing</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the context menu is about to close.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9a69905e-6e25-8800-b751-9adc7e5b2be5.md">Opened</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the context menu is opened.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f65eee0c-bc4f-1c14-cc3d-2d821ec9c6e5.md">Opening</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the context menu is opening.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
