# PaletteBorderInheritForced Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f3eea3d2-d36a-a0d1-6d43-92a938ee5803.md">ForceBorderEdges</a></td>
<td>Force the border edges to a particular value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81a01198-532d-5d6a-d3d5-2a045fe6110a.md">GetBorderColor1</a></td>
<td>Gets the first border color.<br />(Overrides <a href="cef7d0c4-f50c-92e9-adaa-74510af9fef3.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderColor1(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="022ac558-cac3-1f0c-de98-3f5a686ec257.md">GetBorderColor2</a></td>
<td>Gets the second border color.<br />(Overrides <a href="a0238024-2177-82dd-f4a9-bd6375c029bc.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderColor2(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="22968fb4-8aa5-b20c-07ae-f77c98f4b231.md">GetBorderColorAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the color alignment style.<br />(Overrides <a href="dcd4d6c1-0b55-efd9-dfb2-ff5f0dbaa564.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderColorAlign(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2916162a-7314-b192-6996-7682b43810de.md">GetBorderColorAngle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color border angle.<br />(Overrides <a href="ef3c0f71-e911-19fd-bafe-584f63b81453.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderColorAngle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bfb996d8-1faa-45b9-4e83-69a7c09ff41a.md">GetBorderColorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color drawing style.<br />(Overrides <a href="a13b5f96-142c-6f75-c179-e9a4ec2366a5.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderColorStyle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2bc0e7d5-04a0-ef15-37dc-985eeedce22b.md">GetBorderDraw</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if border should be drawn.<br />(Overrides <a href="3ef40c86-11dc-f8c0-2059-f0db25abe7d5.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderDraw(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f7ac7eab-7d65-a425-c3af-d053f2da5469.md">GetBorderDrawBorders</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating which borders to draw.<br />(Overrides <a href="f7763d4d-5b84-ed18-eafe-7ebd05100897.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderDrawBorders(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b8f63353-3322-da36-bf02-9c69b36a121c.md">GetBorderGraphicsHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the graphics drawing hint.<br />(Overrides <a href="96fe5a5c-2499-95d8-bf93-5f87742e65b4.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderGraphicsHint(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="49b3885b-6916-1e6d-4dba-badd81142ce9.md">GetBorderImage</a></td>
<td>Gets a border image.<br />(Overrides <a href="8d5209c0-c546-40ac-33c6-dd6e1d59c374.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderImage(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d628a25d-dae5-afe7-538b-c125754ef4ca.md">GetBorderImageAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the image alignment style.<br />(Overrides <a href="b4de4a9c-2c38-4099-e92f-c498090116c9.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderImageAlign(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e1eb2be3-27e9-7931-c72e-498c81efe2c1.md">GetBorderImageStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the border image style.<br />(Overrides <a href="c914a5a4-6659-23d1-a2d6-51571be4d934.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderImageStyle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bc7eca55-44a4-7b09-d217-4d96c521b9a3.md">GetBorderRounding</a></td>
<td>Gets the border rounding.<br />(Overrides <a href="d610277a-b710-e52a-224a-b70b47ff8bf8.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderRounding(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e3f9dfe-1fad-f48b-b1d0-f6a39573a40a.md">GetBorderWidth</a></td>
<td>Gets the border width.<br />(Overrides <a href="cdfd3b1c-cad3-66b2-ef34-4fd6be572189.md">PaletteBorderInherit.GetBorderWidth(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6c5355c9-cd24-226d-b83b-9ce66aefa440.md">SetInherit</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the palette to inherit from.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="ce449ac4-3f29-3ef8-94c8-e77ae2477a66.md">PaletteBorderInheritForced Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
