# RibbonContextHandler Class


Delegate used for hooking into a KryptonRibbonContext typed collection.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Ribbon (in Krypton.Ribbon.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public sealed class RibbonContextHandler : MulticastDelegate
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public NotInheritable Class RibbonContextHandler
	Inherits MulticastDelegate
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  Delegate  →  MulticastDelegate  →  RibbonContextHandler</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="a477f7d9-e318-d983-6857-befca1d52461.md">RibbonContextHandler</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the RibbonContextHandler class</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>Method</td>
<td>Gets the method represented by the delegate.<br />(Inherited from Delegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Target</td>
<td>Gets the class instance on which the current delegate invokes the instance method.<br />(Inherited from Delegate)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="f3925979-2de7-aeff-192e-19386b850bbc.md">BeginInvoke</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Clone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the delegate.<br />(Inherited from Delegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DynamicInvoke</td>
<td>Dynamically invokes (late-bound) the method represented by the current delegate.<br />(Inherited from Delegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a1d1acca-a04f-5a78-be89-b1f9bec85b06.md">EndInvoke</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether this multicast delegate and the specified object are equal.<br />(Inherited from MulticastDelegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MulticastDelegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetInvocationList</td>
<td>Returns the invocation list of this multicast delegate, in invocation order.<br />(Inherited from MulticastDelegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetObjectData</td>
<td>Populates a SerializationInfo object with all the data needed to serialize this instance.<br />(Inherited from MulticastDelegate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="29952db4-fddb-3ebd-c293-557b6a89ad6e.md">Invoke</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon Namespace</a>  
