# KryptonRibbonGroupButton Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a3f2335f-cade-0930-f843-0e59ecb0ab7b.md">Hide</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon group hidden.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="22d6cadf-a74a-43e7-a001-b00118b30421.md">OnClick</a></td>
<td>Raises the Click event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="57a5f0f0-215e-ea80-bc2c-6c8760fa8997.md">OnCommandPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Handles a change in the property of an attached command.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="21e34d44-dcdb-fe7f-c282-a473cedba2ec.md">OnDropDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the DropDown event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5320c774-4e08-d5c4-4c3c-923c729b4883.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7ef6f7c3-a6ea-e59a-b8d1-9f279406dd95.md">PerformClick()</a></td>
<td>Generates a Click event for a button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="061f9ddc-e0d5-4fdf-e7b7-b32dce3d861f.md">PerformClick(EventHandler)</a></td>
<td>Generates a Click event for a button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a653fc4b-1eac-e7a8-c044-dc5cba9e12bf.md">PerformDropDown()</a></td>
<td>Generates a DropDown event for a button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3661a6ca-546b-01f1-e916-ebceadb2ce06.md">PerformDropDown(EventHandler)</a></td>
<td>Generates a DropDown event for a button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f02d2938-ff43-a0e9-c436-e3292554f1da.md">ResetShortcutKeys</a></td>
<td>Resets the ShortcutKeys property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4c31e104-2033-89a2-6523-f8f6d16791ca.md">ResetToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipValues property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="42b4e823-3d0e-29bf-ca83-927a7a58295d.md">KryptonRibbonGroupItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5f89c3df-ceca-964e-efc2-1dc4e0a623b2.md">Show</a></td>
<td>Make the ribbon group visible.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="960f4a04-92a1-46ca-cf6d-664c6025ac61.md">KryptonRibbonGroupButton Class</a>  
<a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon Namespace</a>  
