# KryptonContextMenuCollectionEditor.KryptonContextMenuCollectionForm.PropertyGridSite Class


Site that allows the property grid to discover Visual Studio services.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
protected class PropertyGridSite : ISite, 
	IServiceProvider
```
**VB**
``` VB
Protected Class PropertyGridSite
	Implements ISite, IServiceProvider
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  KryptonContextMenuCollectionEditor.KryptonContextMenuCollectionForm.PropertyGridSite</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td>ISite, IServiceProvider</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="a9e231f3-fd96-e83e-b433-86665f20e6ab.md">KryptonContextMenuCollectionEditor.KryptonContextMenuCollectionForm.PropertyGridSite</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the PropertyGridSite.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="44b21477-73e6-ea03-0a59-5bfe79a8a6c8.md">Component</a></td>
<td>Gets the component associated with the ISite when implemented by a class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="617d20ea-b14c-709c-9a29-371b99edbc63.md">Container</a></td>
<td>Gets the IContainer associated with the ISite when implemented by a class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="69599b3d-8adf-abe9-d8b8-d54d789ca1ca.md">DesignMode</a></td>
<td>Determines whether the component is in design mode when implemented by a class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="30439903-9622-baee-f056-c7a510e9834a.md">Name</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the component associated with the ISite when implemented by a class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6d9a9f1c-9200-963a-879f-4959c57662da.md">GetService</a></td>
<td>Gets the service object of the specified type.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
