# KryptonDockspace Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyClients(AccessibleEvents, Int32)</td>
<td>Notifies the accessibility client applications of the specified AccessibleEvents for the specified child control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyClients(AccessibleEvents, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Notifies the accessibility client applications of the specified AccessibleEvents for the specified child control .<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AdjustFormScrollbars</td>
<td>Adjusts the scroll bars on the container based on the current control positions and the control currently selected.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="52eb5695-486d-f1b3-2956-78f86ad411fe.md">AllPages</a></td>
<td>Gets an array of all the pages within the workspace,<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="512d332d-08cb-10da-cac9-00ea28c6ee81.md">AllVisiblePages</a></td>
<td>Gets an array of all the visible pages within the workspace,<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4ab195b6-36fa-0f8c-0213-965cccb6fab8.md">ApplyGridCells()</a></td>
<td>Arrange existing cells into a square like grid.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ff75a34d-ac11-3893-0134-44387ef5c742.md">ApplyGridCells(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Arrange existing cells into a square like grid.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e76dc54f-d19d-94f7-df43-237a4657a99d.md">ApplyGridCells(Boolean, Orientation)</a></td>
<td>Arrange existing cells into a square like grid.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="60ce3545-985b-abe7-7028-009d328c1eef.md">ApplyGridCells(Boolean, Orientation, Int32)</a></td>
<td>Arrange existing cells into a square like grid.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="25b18c74-6a9a-1f1a-743a-e39d7c7aa803.md">ApplyGridPages()</a></td>
<td>Move each page into its own cell and arrange then in a square like grid.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ac17c67f-3584-f131-6372-1692968f41b8.md">ApplyGridPages(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Move each page into its own cell and arrange then in a square like grid.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="45d94e93-4226-ae18-e657-970d810f072d.md">ApplyGridPages(Boolean, Orientation)</a></td>
<td>Move each page into its own cell and arrange then in a square like grid.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9feacc2a-cf84-676a-ee4a-6772de8f8604.md">ApplyGridPages(Boolean, Orientation, Int32)</a></td>
<td>Move each page into its own cell and arrange then in a square like grid.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bc6168c2-0088-e37e-9342-66895bafcbe2.md">ApplyRebalance</a></td>
<td>Re-balance the star sized items by setting them all to the same 50*,50* value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8fc0a0de-3e9b-795a-a521-12c51b1886a5.md">ApplyResizing</a></td>
<td>Apply new sizing values to each cell and sequence in the workspace hierarchy.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="74334d75-d1e2-618e-8164-d48181e58c23.md">ApplySingleCell()</a></td>
<td>Move all pages into a new single cell that occupies the entire client area.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9b8e123a-1abf-5c90-2cce-cbec345c9317.md">ApplySingleCell(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Move all pages into a new single cell that occupies the entire client area.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5c836822-2161-4231-b1e2-24738393a1e9.md">BeginInit</a></td>
<td>Signals the object that initialization is starting.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5c5ff5e3-fe1b-f0f9-8390-4002a4bee52d.md">VisualContainerControl</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously with the specified arguments, on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BringToFront</td>
<td>Brings the control to the front of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d3b173a4-e1d0-9157-c8e1-e7d1030dfc82.md">CanClosePage</a></td>
<td>Can the provided page be closed using the same logic as the close button on the cell.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c483199b-4138-a808-71c5-ab9886e473ec.md">CanMovePageNext</a></td>
<td>Can the provided page be moved to the next cell.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cd89aed8-6030-7eca-51a7-9bb38d019394.md">CanMovePagePrevious</a></td>
<td>Can the provided page be moved to the previous cell.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7bfabb02-020a-0fb2-098f-3888923e67d0.md">CanProcessMnemonic</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating is processing of mnemonics should be allowed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3ad7adac-2852-ee84-d2c0-50c39e74a31d.md">CellForPage</a></td>
<td>Find the cell that contains the provided page.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="904d7dcf-8147-5c34-c1f1-3a834bc3c24e.md">CellForUniqueName</a></td>
<td>Find the cell that has a page with the contained unique name.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0afc87cd-a67b-a78d-6c7b-a6809a158049.md">CheckPerformLayout</a></td>
<td>Check if the layout is dirty and if so perform the layout now.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eb0bfbc2-40a4-e3a5-c333-fb58644bb896.md">ClearAllPages</a></td>
<td>Remove all pages from all the cells.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e41f44ea-8a16-e637-37c0-fc020ba01fc7.md">CloseAllButThisPage</a></td>
<td>Close all the pages except the one provided using the same logic as the close button on the cell.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4cdeb0f8-5495-710f-04e5-78c78dbc0849.md">ClosePage</a></td>
<td>Close the page using the same logic as the close button on the cell.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Contains</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating whether the specified control is a child of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="36cd6a42-13e7-f28d-8baa-fa76db0e1279.md">ContextMenuClosed</a></td>
<td>Called when a context menu has just been closed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateAccessibilityInstance</td>
<td>Creates a new accessibility object for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateControl</td>
<td>Forces the creation of the visible control, including the creation of the handle and any visible child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b7bfbfdc-1d85-81af-c090-ab17855eda42.md">CreateControlsInstance</a></td>
<td>Creates a new instance of the control collection for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateGraphics</td>
<td>Creates the Graphics for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateHandle</td>
<td>Creates a handle for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="74e40bbd-ae78-12a7-ec73-1e7e1d7c9409.md">CreateRedirector</a></td>
<td>Create the redirector instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="54e4c6b4-b55b-fb75-8458-5a236a84e699.md">CreateToolStripRenderer</a></td>
<td>Create a tool strip renderer appropriate for the current renderer/palette pair.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">

VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefWndProc</td>
<td>Sends the specified message to the default window procedure.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DestroyHandle</td>
<td>Destroys the handle associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5fac6d96-fdb3-7464-1e73-86c207eb7dc9.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Clean up any resources being used.<br />(Inherited from <a href="638b8f4c-3645-edb8-b3d5-7598ea376868.md">KryptonSpace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects)</td>
<td>Begins a drag-and-drop operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects, Bitmap, Point, Boolean)</td>
<td>Begins a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DrawToBitmap</td>
<td>Supports rendering to the specified bitmap.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="43328fa8-19a3-ca70-ec7f-4ceae73b71d9.md">EndInit</a></td>
<td>Signals the object that initialization is complete.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5c5ff5e3-fe1b-f0f9-8390-4002a4bee52d.md">VisualContainerControl</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EndInvoke</td>
<td>Retrieves the return value of the asynchronous operation represented by the IAsyncResult passed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2143ce58-2774-8436-d82a-8509fb239f19.md">EvalTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to paint transparent areas.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="739232cd-cb2b-6c81-38d4-e6edaf455790.md">ExistingCellDetach</a></td>
<td>Detach an existing cell.<br />(Inherited from <a href="638b8f4c-3645-edb8-b3d5-7598ea376868.md">KryptonSpace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindForm</td>
<td>Retrieves the form that the control is on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e719e66e-0ca5-ab6f-d1aa-304ca2a7a546.md">FirstCell</a></td>
<td>Return reference to first workspace cell.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="65fe58ea-37b0-c5eb-5c6c-b20942b6b0a5.md">FirstVisibleCell</a></td>
<td>Return reference to first visible workspace cell.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focus</td>
<td>Sets input focus to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="26d5c5da-ab84-4220-8d37-82a8c054750e.md">ForceViewLayout</a></td>
<td>Force the control to perform a krypton layout to calculate size and positioning.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d6f7e93f-9158-9eb4-3c00-f05cc00101d9.md">GenerateDragTargets(PageDragEndData)</a></td>
<td>Generate a list of drag targets that are relevant to the provided end data.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="055beadf-1af1-4dc2-6609-0e8bab6abc12.md">GenerateDragTargets(PageDragEndData, KryptonPageFlags)</a></td>
<td>Generate a list of drag targets that are relevant to the provided end data.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetAccessibilityObjectById</td>
<td>Retrieves the specified AccessibleObject.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating how a control will behave when its AutoSize() property is enabled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point, GetChildAtPointSkip)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates, specifying whether to ignore child controls of a certain type.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetContainerControl</td>
<td>Returns the next ContainerControl up the control's chain of parent controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetNextControl</td>
<td>Retrieves the next control forward or back in the tab order of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPreferredSize</td>
<td>Retrieves the size of a rectangular area into which a control can be fitted.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetScaledBounds</td>
<td>Retrieves the bounds within which the control is scaled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetScrollState</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified flag has been set.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStyle</td>
<td>Retrieves the value of the specified control style bit for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTopLevel</td>
<td>Determines if the control is a top-level control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Hide</td>
<td>Conceals the control from the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="89aa793d-1385-6226-43c5-598a8c9f4933.md">HideAllPages()</a></td>
<td>Set the visible state of all the pages in the workspace to hidden.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fc9f8f21-eb91-527a-45f0-6dacd72bcb16.md">HideAllPages(Type)</a></td>
<td>Set the visible state of all the pages in the workspace to hidden.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitLayout</td>
<td>Called after the control has been added to another container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate()</td>
<td>Invalidates the entire surface of the control and causes the control to be redrawn.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates a specific region of the control and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate, on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle, with the specified list of arguments.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(T)(Func(T))</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeGotFocus</td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="44014cf7-d6bf-8866-0638-4555585dd8c0.md">InvokeLayout</a></td>
<td>Request a layout be performed before any painting occurs.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeLostFocus</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeOnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokePaint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokePaintBackground</td>
<td>Raises the PaintBackground event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4fdd3637-dad4-d212-0efe-bff90a6538be.md">IsCellPresent</a></td>
<td>Determine if reference to cell exists in current hierarchy.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputChar</td>
<td>Determines if a character is an input character that the control recognizes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputKey</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified key is a regular input key or a special key that requires preprocessing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d5c7b8c7-f440-61cd-36af-d20ab96406c4.md">LastCell</a></td>
<td>Return reference to last workspace cell.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="241fc1d4-b9e9-53df-7e50-a5205531ab83.md">LastVisibleCell</a></td>
<td>Return reference to last visible workspace cell.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="38928789-9c79-99bd-9e4a-2a9da60d9b2f.md">LoadLayoutFromArray</a></td>
<td>Loads workspace layout information from given array of bytes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3c581360-87fa-6de7-a352-a52a2798ffa8.md">LoadLayoutFromFile</a></td>
<td>Loads workspace layout information from given filename.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="56f4f629-5b18-fe41-e5fa-fa9cd3ca1f08.md">LoadLayoutFromStream</a></td>
<td>Loads workspace layout information from given stream object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="766aa8d9-6351-ff0a-e259-ac717637ab7f.md">LoadLayoutFromXml(XmlReader)</a></td>
<td>Loads workspace layout information using the provided xml reader.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd9632b4-8427-8aca-7d7c-76517691ed6b.md">LoadLayoutFromXml(XmlReader, KryptonPageCollection)</a></td>
<td>Loads workspace layout information using the provided xml reader.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Int32)</td>
<td>Converts a Logical DPI value to its equivalent DeviceUnit DPI value.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Size)</td>
<td>Transforms a size from logical to device units by scaling it for the current DPI and rounding down to the nearest integer value for width and height.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dc8814b8-fd96-7e31-e1f2-375de19b2de0.md">MarkLayoutDirty</a></td>
<td>Mark the layout as being dirty and needing to be performed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f52d4000-de74-3417-a955-9ce0e3863919.md">MovePageNext</a></td>
<td>Move the provided page to the next cell.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="968621dd-4224-982b-3fda-bfd45031f781.md">MovePagePrevious</a></td>
<td>Move the provided page to the previous cell.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3e89f2eb-9ec7-f239-5848-5e3c7458ee6c.md">NewCellInitialize</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new cell.<br />(Inherited from <a href="638b8f4c-3645-edb8-b3d5-7598ea376868.md">KryptonSpace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fed22fb3-dc0e-c580-8f2c-4c2f8a0f3e2b.md">NextCell</a></td>
<td>Return reference to next cell in hierarchy starting from specified cell.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e1a997f0-4d42-9416-b44e-6ce4fda24dbe.md">NextVisibleCell</a></td>
<td>Return reference to next visible cell in hierarchy starting from specified cell.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NotifyInvalidate</td>
<td>Raises the Invalidated event with a specified region of the control to invalidate.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="03f2798d-e184-3a86-3f62-f448052810f1.md">OnActiveCellChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the ActiveCellChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63876236-c6d8-7f3f-cba8-abc15192a703.md">OnActivePageChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the ActivePageChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d135bf6b-df70-b36a-2842-02048d47bf46.md">OnAfterPageDrag</a></td>
<td>Raises the AfterPageDrag event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAutoSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AutoSizeChanged() event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAutoValidateChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AutoValidateChanged() event.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundImageLayoutChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageLayoutChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5b4eb1e0-ecd8-ead2-9e9f-ad0985db83cd.md">OnBeforePageDrag</a></td>
<td>Raises the BeforePageDrag event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="174d4f25-33f7-6577-8f7e-f2b8fba8f09a.md">OnButtonSpecChanged</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette storage of a button spec change.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCausesValidationChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CausesValidationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="45871349-b8fd-06df-ff85-552f138119a8.md">OnCellCountChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the CellCountChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c0c4db77-7fed-1c1b-206d-8ab56afe5dac.md">OnCellGainsFocus</a></td>
<td>Raises the CellGainsFocus event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="638b8f4c-3645-edb8-b3d5-7598ea376868.md">KryptonSpace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a7d80fde-ed1a-85e4-4d56-3d7e0043932b.md">OnCellLosesFocus</a></td>
<td>Raises the CellLosesFocus event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="638b8f4c-3645-edb8-b3d5-7598ea376868.md">KryptonSpace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a8a5b11d-1b47-5c7c-fa39-07065180334f.md">OnCellPageInserting</a></td>
<td>Raises the CellPageInserting event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="638b8f4c-3645-edb8-b3d5-7598ea376868.md">KryptonSpace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4c02b0de-e95d-7dfe-4be6-f33efb073a2d.md">OnCellVisibleCountChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the CellVisibleCountChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnChangeUICues</td>
<td>Raises the ChangeUICues event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c4fe6d6c-c4a5-6b3e-46f4-670792604ae5.md">OnChildrenMaximizeRestoreClicked</a></td>
<td>Request to toggle the maximized state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="93f436f4-2ef7-9364-b347-4c4eb46fc59e.md">OnChildrenPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Change has occurred in the hierarchy of children.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClientSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ClientSizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ContextMenuStripChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnControlAdded</td>
<td>Raises the ControlAdded event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnControlRemoved</td>
<td>Raises the ControlRemoved event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCreateControl</td>
<td>Raises the CreateControl() method.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCursorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CursorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataContextChanged</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDockChanged</td>
<td>Raises the DockChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8400ea2b-cb96-b525-8422-aed25fde979e.md">OnDoubleClick(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the DoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDoubleClick(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the DoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChangedAfterParent</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChangedAfterParent event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChangedBeforeParent</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChangedBeforeParent event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragDrop</td>
<td>Raises the DragDrop event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragEnter</td>
<td>Raises the DragEnter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragLeave</td>
<td>Raises the DragLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragOver</td>
<td>Raises the DragOver event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="13c785ab-2bbc-bde6-d43b-ce7f8793fefe.md">OnEnabledChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnabledChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnter</td>
<td>Raises the Enter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGiveFeedback</td>
<td>Raises the GiveFeedback event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6b9183f3-6020-2e54-b97a-acad8ff40d23.md">OnGlobalLoading</a></td>
<td>Raises the GlobalLoading event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b37b098e-c5ed-0336-2c06-e302dd9d8672.md">OnGlobalPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the global palette has been changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0ea012f0-d149-554f-1ce9-e967538dd07d.md">OnGlobalSaving</a></td>
<td>Raises the GlobalSaving event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="88450477-a7a2-6bf8-4250-de1be775b5b9.md">OnGotFocus(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="653ac910-6ade-6c39-92bc-2e56e19b4e06.md">OnGotFocus(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGotFocus(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleCreated</td>
<td>Raises the HandleCreated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleDestroyed</td>
<td>Raises the HandleDestroyed event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHelpRequested</td>
<td>Raises the HelpRequested event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnImeModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ImeModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fedfd4ea-f42a-116c-ce38-206b1e2a810a.md">OnInitialized</a></td>
<td>Raises the Initialized event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5c5ff5e3-fe1b-f0f9-8390-4002a4bee52d.md">VisualContainerControl</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnInvalidated</td>
<td>Raises the Invalidated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0fbfff82-092b-dd56-13ac-2a6726af8644.md">OnKeyDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f7eb9ab6-c1b0-a144-641c-1c2184dc383b.md">OnKeyPress</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyPress event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="af54aa57-2860-f244-62bb-9ac97c9d1b5d.md">OnKeyUp</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyUp event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="15fed382-f6e7-07d1-fe00-0b64ee8b7aad.md">OnLayout</a></td>
<td>Raises the Layout event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLeave</td>
<td>Raises the Leave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLocationChanged</td>
<td>Raises the LocationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="df6af180-f868-f11f-6c23-ec459cf077fb.md">OnLostFocus(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLostFocus(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMarginChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MarginChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8ecc1d8c-9d68-6a8b-78e4-e4533e2b7d56.md">OnMaximizedCellChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the MaximizedCellChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseCaptureChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MouseCaptureChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseClick</td>
<td>Raises the MouseClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the MouseDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="86bafa4c-6f49-c5f5-6de8-749f1b779a40.md">OnMouseDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseDown event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseEnter</td>
<td>Raises the MouseEnter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseHover</td>
<td>Raises the MouseHover event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a15a2b8c-dc28-e069-4887-38fac5bd7b73.md">OnMouseLeave(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseLeave(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0fc69bf5-b652-6f70-1a99-c71a1ba0e8b3.md">OnMouseMove</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseMove event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="861baf03-bf59-9e78-7db2-f5ef3ea2ed45.md">OnMouseUp</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseUp event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseWheel</td>
<td>Raises the MouseWheel event.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMove</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6421c660-551b-973f-0c07-61664b565c8a.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette storage of a paint and optional layout required.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnNotifyMessage</td>
<td>Notifies the control of Windows messages.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaddingChanged</td>
<td>Raises the PaddingChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d8f73bcc-3ce6-dd8e-d48e-30166ace8db7.md">OnPageAutoHiddenClicked</a></td>
<td>Raises the PageAutoHiddenClicked event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="638b8f4c-3645-edb8-b3d5-7598ea376868.md">KryptonSpace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="538abbd8-0411-ae74-7e0a-2cf86b4b67bd.md">OnPageCloseClicked</a></td>
<td>Raises the PageCloseClicked event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="638b8f4c-3645-edb8-b3d5-7598ea376868.md">KryptonSpace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="daaafc6b-4e80-e6dd-9b8d-48bcd6a954ef.md">OnPageDrop</a></td>
<td>Raises the PageDrop event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="29493b47-f083-5bd3-df88-b48cbe896e36.md">OnPageDropDownClicked</a></td>
<td>Raises the PageDropDownClicked event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="638b8f4c-3645-edb8-b3d5-7598ea376868.md">KryptonSpace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="907c57f6-8fe2-b3b2-46b6-e5b146fd9115.md">OnPageLoading</a></td>
<td>Raises the PageLoading event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ce712100-0814-aecd-7817-f6ebb0fd99f6.md">OnPageSaving</a></td>
<td>Raises the PageSaving event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="536cd749-e7b1-edab-dc11-856e1a53f672.md">OnPagesDoubleClicked</a></td>
<td>Raises the PagesDoubleClicked event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="638b8f4c-3645-edb8-b3d5-7598ea376868.md">KryptonSpace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c393fc3f-34ee-638d-c8bc-10b10e0f03a6.md">OnPagesUnmatched</a></td>
<td>Raises the PagesUnmatched event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="813cba28-4f35-6f26-5dec-e66fdf2b6e64.md">OnPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaintBackground</td>
<td>Paints the background of the control.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e8cda61b-d2c9-aac4-5650-44d5798ee479.md">OnPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PaletteChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7f1c618c-f913-502c-2dbd-9b9c71a838f2.md">OnPaletteNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette of a paint and optional layout required.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event when the BackColor property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event when the BackgroundImage property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event when the BindingContext property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ParentChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentCursorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CursorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentDataContextChanged</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentEnabledChanged</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event when the Enabled property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event when the Font property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event when the ForeColor property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentRightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event when the RightToLeft property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event when the Visible property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPreviewKeyDown</td>
<td>Raises the PreviewKeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPrint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnQueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Raises the QueryContinueDrag event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4b58e651-00bc-5643-36d4-15c74518360a.md">OnRecreateLoadingPage</a></td>
<td>Raises the RecreateLoadingPage event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRegionChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RegionChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnResize</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="55022b14-e7be-0eeb-0c84-504ebfa3ec31.md">OnRightToLeftChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRightToLeftChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnScroll</td>
<td>Raises the Scroll event.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the StyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSystemColorsChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SystemColorsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTabIndexChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TabIndexChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTabStopChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TabStopChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6c74f4df-d5bd-5eaf-a875-044e2896d8f2.md">OnUserPreferenceChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when a user preference has changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidated</td>
<td>Raises the Validated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidating</td>
<td>Raises the Validating event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b45c00aa-7b74-b512-fffe-d3e9dd308f8a.md">OnWorkspaceCellAdding</a></td>
<td>Raises the WorkspaceCellAdding event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c31ef22a-6604-03f3-431d-403d417c5abd.md">OnWorkspaceCellRemoved</a></td>
<td>Raises the WorkspaceCellRemoved event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b00877e3-b02d-c3a7-6494-c388f231b02a.md">PageForUniqueName</a></td>
<td>Find the page with the contained unique name.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3bb432d4-8e5c-3049-8142-59d6a7366f8f.md">PaintBackground</a></td>
<td>Perform background painting with the provided default values.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformAutoScale</td>
<td>Performs scaling of the container control and its children.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout()</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout(Control, String)</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b4e5332d-15e8-c2ed-cbe7-1ce402ba07aa.md">PerformNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToClient</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified screen point into client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified client point into screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessControlMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bcea10f4-35a2-1896-9858-5549b6806581.md">PreviousCell</a></td>
<td>Return reference to previous cell in hierarchy starting from specified cell.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2dfbadeb-df90-4dd0-21d9-fa62f876548b.md">PreviousVisibleCell</a></td>
<td>Return reference to previous visible cell in hierarchy starting from specified cell.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessCmdKey</td>
<td>Processes a command key.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDialogChar</td>
<td>Processes a dialog character.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ca585bea-d17e-efd1-d283-91439ce1a108.md">ProcessDialogKey</a></td>
<td>Processes a dialog key.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyEventArgs</td>
<td>Processes a key message and generates the appropriate control events.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyMessage</td>
<td>Processes a keyboard message.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyPreview</td>
<td>Previews a keyboard message.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessMnemonic</td>
<td>Processes a mnemonic character.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessTabKey</td>
<td>Selects the next available control and makes it the active control.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseDragEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate drag event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseKeyEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate key event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseMouseEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate mouse event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaisePaintEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="67dcc053-091c-2adc-d8ae-a703003b8202.md">ReadCellElement</a></td>
<td>Read cell details from xml during load process.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bc96e384-6be5-4037-6db7-d7f6aa92237b.md">ReadPageElement</a></td>
<td>Read page details from xml during load process.<br />(Inherited from <a href="638b8f4c-3645-edb8-b3d5-7598ea376868.md">KryptonSpace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="25d46a26-33bd-1e72-5e3c-bb8a42ab261e.md">ReadSequenceElement</a></td>
<td>Read sequence details from xml during load process.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreateHandle</td>
<td>Forces the re-creation of the handle for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToClient</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified screen rectangle in client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified client rectangle in screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Refresh</td>
<td>Forces the control to invalidate its client area and immediately redraw itself and any child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RescaleConstantsForDpi</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResetMouseEventArgs</td>
<td>Resets the control to handle the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3ae138e7-3437-c4ab-7188-6c9760ff7397.md">ResetPalette</a></td>
<td>Resets the Palette property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0424def7-9e29-5a40-cdc1-e257156c9241.md">ResetPaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Resets the PaletteMode property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d1aa6cad-cf50-f2df-2763-4ffd4d57843a.md">VisualContainerControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResetText</td>
<td>Resets the Text property to its default value (Empty).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout()</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout(Boolean)</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic, optionally forcing an immediate layout of pending layout requests.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(ContentAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified ContentAlignment to the appropriate ContentAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(HorizontalAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified HorizontalAlignment to the appropriate HorizontalAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(LeftRightAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified LeftRightAlignment to the appropriate LeftRightAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateContent</td>
<td>Converts the specified ContentAlignment to the appropriate ContentAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateHorizontal</td>
<td>Converts the specified HorizontalAlignment to the appropriate HorizontalAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateLeftRight</td>
<td>Converts the specified LeftRightAlignment to the appropriate LeftRightAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="244e7a2f-ef36-bb75-8832-4155f3dbd0b8.md">SaveLayoutToArray()</a></td>
<td>Saves workspace layout information into an array of bytes using Unicode Encoding.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="117ccce0-1836-b319-155d-055310d13763.md">SaveLayoutToArray(Encoding)</a></td>
<td>Saves workspace layout information into an array of bytes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f5815b41-5480-4d7d-5788-488a582bb341.md">SaveLayoutToFile(String)</a></td>
<td>Saves workspace layout information into a named file using Unicode Encoding.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="50ea4848-c3e0-e8a3-5a10-9b01738a2243.md">SaveLayoutToFile(String, Encoding)</a></td>
<td>Saves workspace layout information into a named file.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b5f8bf56-7722-afca-5931-7086c7d94a74.md">SaveLayoutToStream</a></td>
<td>Saves workspace layout information into a stream object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5efeaad3-6ba9-3ff9-bae1-989bfa72861c.md">SaveLayoutToXml</a></td>
<td>Saves workspace layout information using a provider xml writer.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Scale</td>
<td>Scales the control and all child controls by the specified scaling factor.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleBitmapLogicalToDevice</td>
<td>Scales a logical bitmap value to it's equivalent device unit value when a DPI change occurs.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleControl</td>
<td>Scales a control's location, size, padding and margin.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleMinMaxSize</td>
<td>Scales the size of the container's Min and Max properties with the scale factor provided.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScrollControlIntoView</td>
<td>Scrolls the specified child control into view on an auto-scroll enabled control.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScrollToControl</td>
<td>Calculates the scroll offset to the specified child control.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Select()</td>
<td>Activates the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1c1df5af-f20a-3b1f-2b62-62c93f0cef54.md">Select(Boolean, Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Activates a child control. Optionally specifies the direction in the tab order to select the control from.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectNextControl</td>
<td>Activates the next control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SendToBack</td>
<td>Sends the control to the back of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetAutoScrollMargin</td>
<td>Sets the size of the auto-scroll margins.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Sets a value indicating how a control will behave when its AutoSize() property is enabled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Sets the bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, BoundsSpecified)</td>
<td>Sets the specified bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBoundsCore</td>
<td>Performs the work of setting the specified bounds of this control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetClientSizeCore</td>
<td>Sets the size of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetDisplayRectLocation</td>
<td>Positions the display window to the specified value.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetScrollState</td>
<td>Sets the specified scroll state flag.<br />(Inherited from ScrollableControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetStyle</td>
<td>Sets a specified ControlStyles flag to either true or false.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetTopLevel</td>
<td>Sets the control as the top-level control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetVisibleCore</td>
<td>Sets the control to the specified visible state.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Show</td>
<td>Displays the control to the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="33bad444-3ad5-8bba-9745-8681c4665b71.md">ShowAllPages()</a></td>
<td>Set the visible state of all the pages in the workspace to showing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f06770f2-622d-6667-7293-e82bb11b1168.md">ShowAllPages(Type)</a></td>
<td>Set the visible state of all the pages in the workspace to showing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeFromClientSize</td>
<td>Determines the size of the entire control from the height and width of its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SuspendLayout</td>
<td>Temporarily suspends the layout logic for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1bc34e9c-280e-499b-be3e-bbe61fe430ca.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Gets a string representation of the class.<br />(Overrides Component.ToString())</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Update</td>
<td>Causes the control to redraw the invalidated regions within its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds()</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the current size and location.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the specified size and location.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the specified size, location, and client size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a190d6db-0b71-27e2-3cd6-926260ea9d50.md">UpdateCellActions</a></td>
<td>Update the cell settings to reflect the provided page, cell and page flag settings.<br />(Inherited from <a href="638b8f4c-3645-edb8-b3d5-7598ea376868.md">KryptonSpace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateDefaultButton</td>
<td>When overridden by a derived class, updates which button is the default button.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateStyles</td>
<td>Forces the assigned styles to be reapplied to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9ddd6303-5d60-5646-3204-1845ae38a631.md">UpdateVisible()</a></td>
<td>Requests the visible state be updated.<br />(Inherited from <a href="638b8f4c-3645-edb8-b3d5-7598ea376868.md">KryptonSpace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8d39f330-6e81-0a63-9071-5ed6d7e51559.md">UpdateVisible(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Requests the visible state be updated.<br />(Inherited from <a href="638b8f4c-3645-edb8-b3d5-7598ea376868.md">KryptonSpace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateZOrder</td>
<td>Updates the control in its parent's z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validate()</td>
<td>Verifies the value of the control losing focus by causing the Validating and Validated events to occur, in that order.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validate(Boolean)</td>
<td>Verifies the value of the control that is losing focus; conditionally dependent on whether automatic validation is turned on.<br />(Inherited from ContainerControl)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="198af107-c631-2cea-f320-86d58c4ae399.md">WndProc</a></td>
<td>Process Windows-based messages.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="32dff4e8-8fee-7458-9def-10d7afd0f24d.md">WriteCellElement</a></td>
<td>Write cell details to xml during save process.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fd705ce9-e020-4834-02e8-9b7392a542f0.md">WritePageElement</a></td>
<td>Write page details to xml during save process.<br />(Inherited from <a href="638b8f4c-3645-edb8-b3d5-7598ea376868.md">KryptonSpace</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9fb32d7a-0db5-e988-c655-3e8045d49c7b.md">WriteSequenceElement</a></td>
<td>Write sequence details to xml during save process.<br />(Inherited from <a href="a977050a-c9d5-1360-9b5d-5a07a77ae65c.md">KryptonWorkspace</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="71f2489e-9ab7-0986-4de2-44ff6eea0b75.md">KryptonDockspace Class</a>  
<a href="98399376-cf41-9454-4b4d-4fab2ca20bc7.md">Krypton.Docking Namespace</a>  
