# KryptonInputBoxManager Class


\[Missing &lt;summary&gt; documentation for "T:Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonInputBoxManager"\]



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonInputBoxManager : Component
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonInputBoxManager
	Inherits Component
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  KryptonInputBoxManager</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="b45fa287-16d3-fa68-1371-808623dc7cfa.md">KryptonInputBoxManager</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the KryptonInputBoxManager class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the component can raise an event.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e79aeb32-4563-1523-f7fd-89e46cf93ebc.md">Caption</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the caption.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cd781bdb-4d37-ff62-cd42-f30fa76ea88d.md">CueColour</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the cue colour.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="136606ba-0216-f7d9-2b82-5e09747eec1c.md">CueText</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the cue text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d3547dc3-8e47-671b-919a-3fe46576865f.md">CueTypeface</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the cue typeface.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bc692731-7378-24fe-6c8a-ae96df50b72a.md">DefaultResponse</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the default response.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="953e130c-ee20-ff28-dd45-9678a59a76d4.md">Prompt</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the prompt.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ISite of the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4fe27825-0c21-0ef8-02c1-fa0725b64a2a.md">UsePasswordOption</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether [use password option].</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="be74436f-0620-fd68-bfc4-51aebc8e392c.md">DisplayKryptonInputBox</a></td>
<td>Displays the krypton input box.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2ad91bda-a122-14bd-65ff-67bd9feb01ed.md">GetOwner</a></td>
<td>Returns the value of the Owner.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b50ab199-55c1-7855-bda5-1edf366a9c83.md">SetOwner</a></td>
<td>Sets the Owner to the value of value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
