# PaletteBarRedirect Class


Implement redirected storage for button bar appearance.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Navigator (in Krypton.Navigator.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class PaletteBarRedirect : PaletteMetricRedirect
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class PaletteBarRedirect
	Inherits PaletteMetricRedirect
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>  →  <a href="3683d3c4-a2d8-a4a3-6024-7a3756ba0359.md">PaletteMetricRedirect</a>  →  PaletteBarRedirect</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="758700b3-80fc-3988-9b2f-480df3436c3d.md">PaletteBarRedirect</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the PaletteBarRedirect class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="7c9669a4-6497-7e67-582e-64dc63e30283.md">BarPaddingInside</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the padding used around the bar when placed inside the group.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4d00ef1a-fe3e-e4e9-9fe7-91530155fe4e.md">BarPaddingOnly</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the padding used around the bar when placed on its own.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e593525d-2697-6696-a616-4d46e8cc8abb.md">BarPaddingOutside</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the padding used around the bar when placed outside the group.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b7de085e-60f4-1dae-5a19-1db3644d9927.md">BarPaddingTabs</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the padding used around the bar when displaying tabs.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="470d9383-7aac-ce44-7728-f6c852920ffa.md">ButtonEdgeInside</a></td>
<td>Gets the sets how far to inset buttons from the button bar.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bff888a1-b051-db3c-ecfb-995e8ee7d075.md">ButtonEdgeOutside</a></td>
<td>Gets the sets how far to inset buttons from the control edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5be3e54e-872d-03d0-9faa-b7453f54071e.md">ButtonPadding</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the padding used around each button on the button bar.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a02e62dc-cd2a-dc15-2c6f-174f1779276f.md">CheckButtonGap</a></td>
<td>Gets the sets the spacing gap between each check button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="35b0aef2-a674-ef9d-37ee-a1340cb7f8c7.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all values are default.<br />(Overrides <a href="dfaebe5e-9c07-443d-0d54-0a0503c043ec.md">PaletteMetricRedirect.IsDefault</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="097a0f47-e60c-4bf7-802c-8391c6d8feff.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="879ca7f2-32c5-8581-44f2-c7aee6491db2.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="baedb7c0-4ec0-91fe-c077-80912954fef9.md">RibbonTabGap</a></td>
<td>Gets the sets the spacing gap between each ribbon tab.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2dbaecf3-6fe0-29b4-abea-411f69aa32bd.md">GetMetricBool</a></td>
<td>Gets a boolean metric value.<br />(Overrides <a href="ebe1e0a3-35a4-3eb9-df42-ff732d753a5b.md">PaletteMetricRedirect.GetMetricBool(PaletteState, PaletteMetricBool)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b2a7f5cc-d038-95a7-7a5a-3729cc4028af.md">GetMetricInt</a></td>
<td>Gets an integer metric value.<br />(Overrides <a href="c0c441c7-5c4d-137b-0fbf-af629d9ee1dc.md">PaletteMetricRedirect.GetMetricInt(PaletteState, PaletteMetricInt)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5ba14ae3-7202-9b0e-c26a-902a715d756a.md">GetMetricPadding</a></td>
<td>Gets a padding metric value.<br />(Overrides <a href="6aa43b60-ad93-0ac7-a36a-437a3961641e.md">PaletteMetricRedirect.GetMetricPadding(PaletteState, PaletteMetricPadding)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ecef14f5-9e47-7a95-a8ca-fa0f5f327cdf.md">ResetBarPaddingInside</a></td>
<td>Reset the BarPaddingInside to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d9f766cf-940c-73b4-d351-75b6a690ae94.md">ResetBarPaddingOnly</a></td>
<td>Reset the BarPaddingOnly to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e16fc86f-2575-a0a0-7b06-d6cf52212b15.md">ResetBarPaddingOutside</a></td>
<td>Reset the BarPaddingOutside to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dc5aeb4c-ea89-c824-4e83-547b55367e64.md">ResetBarPaddingTabs</a></td>
<td>Reset the BarPaddingTabs to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3dc90c91-4fb0-5dbd-fcab-0d3003f50509.md">ResetButtonEdgeInside</a></td>
<td>Reset the ButtonEdgeInside to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fe342d94-9576-6228-232a-da1405c0cd97.md">ResetButtonEdgeOutside</a></td>
<td>Reset the ButtonEdgeOutside to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3568e395-1a50-a440-6c5b-8d69a5addfe2.md">ResetButtonPadding</a></td>
<td>Reset the ButtonPadding to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a257d7d8-e752-3ecb-4789-fdff44ce727b.md">ResetCheckButtonGap</a></td>
<td>Reset the CheckButtonGap to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e6601703-d325-738f-2828-05af26bb2e74.md">ResetRibbonTabGap</a></td>
<td>Reset the RibbonTabGap to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="367c40ef-0f3e-6956-ff6f-ab82f363d658.md">SetRedirector</a></td>
<td>Update the redirector with new reference.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3683d3c4-a2d8-a4a3-6024-7a3756ba0359.md">PaletteMetricRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
