# KryptonPaletteTMSButton Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="fbf178b5-adac-0a09-8bbd-cca2c26989a5.md">ButtonCheckedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the starting color of the gradient used when the button is checked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="56ca5eca-f387-32c6-4f66-ecaa019f877c.md">ButtonCheckedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ending color of the gradient used when the button is checked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="df442083-7249-200e-eea3-61ed92c93a49.md">ButtonCheckedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the middle color of the gradient used when the button is checked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1c928374-d3bc-2555-0227-95e589563369.md">ButtonCheckedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the highlight color used when the button is checked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5eda5498-0f71-6be6-7009-62f1c0851851.md">ButtonCheckedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border color to use with ButtonCheckedHighlight.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c3d487b6-a65f-e7b2-88cc-7e09ca6dd2fb.md">ButtonPressedBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border color to use with the ButtonPressedGradientBegin, ButtonPressedGradientMiddle, and ButtonPressedGradientEnd colors.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="030fbbd2-610c-ea30-ff58-9e753b947908.md">ButtonPressedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the starting color of the gradient used when the button is pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f60cd046-a769-e1cb-4614-697d58aa1adb.md">ButtonPressedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ending color of the gradient used when the button is pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="79ffb234-37e0-e2bd-5e11-4eea9bedf561.md">ButtonPressedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the middle color of the gradient used when the button is pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2ebd30f1-d5f9-b369-ab41-dbfa963d5d09.md">ButtonPressedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the solid color used when the button is pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ae234b48-dab9-01dd-4df0-8c02bf8f7915.md">ButtonPressedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border color to use with ButtonPressedHighlight.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4b7fdae4-f6b6-08b9-d553-4b15f3a766e7.md">ButtonSelectedBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border color to use with the ButtonSelectedGradientBegin, ButtonSelectedGradientMiddle, and ButtonSelectedGradientEnd colors.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aa210922-701b-c702-7a2d-f871b660b1c7.md">ButtonSelectedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the starting color of the gradient used when the button is selected.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="411db632-2ccd-4670-ae2c-4c1fac3034be.md">ButtonSelectedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ending color of the gradient used when the button is selected.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b87c7377-3d3a-5447-db0c-3a544c0b880e.md">ButtonSelectedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the middle color of the gradient used when the button is selected.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2f6811be-6131-9340-61c2-dda09811f33a.md">ButtonSelectedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the solid color used when the button is selected.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="303d9b43-fbd9-4170-7460-99518a9f038f.md">ButtonSelectedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border color to use with ButtonSelectedHighlight.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b4de8a38-b2cd-6f90-c4af-d0e5fd237869.md">CheckBackground</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the solid color to use when the button is checked and gradients are being used.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="104a7545-12b9-8fa2-968a-fb6c05769fd1.md">CheckPressedBackground</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the solid color to use when the button is checked and selected and gradients are being used.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aca51c48-147f-5dd2-e359-a16af1c1f822.md">CheckSelectedBackground</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the solid color to use when the button is checked and selected and gradients are being used.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="03ca2ee7-2e89-e414-2146-ab590d679489.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all values are default.<br />(Overrides <a href="bbc0e831-9474-3bce-65dc-0625d793d8c1.md">Storage.IsDefault</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="097a0f47-e60c-4bf7-802c-8391c6d8feff.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="879ca7f2-32c5-8581-44f2-c7aee6491db2.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2bb6dcdf-e7a6-20f5-0b7b-978c2073087d.md">OverflowButtonGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f98c0a48-c7e4-7319-c209-53596634f609.md">OverflowButtonGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ending color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b854e61b-81c6-f5c2-0da7-517a5dc9b029.md">OverflowButtonGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the middle color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="66c4e92a-3475-e3fd-984f-57e4659142c0.md">KryptonPaletteTMSButton Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
