# KryptonColorTable2010BlueLightMode Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="2adf546c-ed3d-d68e-2c2c-f6a743e543ce.md">ButtonCheckedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the background starting color for a checked button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="97d418a1-eb51-0b54-6146-8103ae0f561c.md">ButtonCheckedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the background ending color for a checked button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="340b5877-5791-0780-6153-36eea9f7b036.md">ButtonCheckedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background middle color for a checked button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="78179dff-7b93-1776-6dc5-80a465f29ee0.md">ButtonCheckedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight background for a checked button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedHighlight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c40b510b-702e-b289-ac1e-099c7bcf7257.md">ButtonCheckedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight border for a checked button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonCheckedHighlightBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b93cd272-dbfe-e815-65d1-2b19387bba72.md">ButtonPressedBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color for a button being pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="daddeed0-658c-80d7-267f-25f85802fd7d.md">ButtonPressedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the background starting color for a button being pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8fc217ca-69e7-9c4e-aa45-5846ab00344d.md">ButtonPressedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the background ending color for a button being pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a650e8c2-827c-442a-42aa-44171b4837bd.md">ButtonPressedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background middle color for a button being pressed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b02f7c80-31e8-37b6-6ab1-f9dfb040f143.md">ButtonPressedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight background for a pressed button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedHighlight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1cf9ce65-d83e-b277-df61-575881b5e905.md">ButtonPressedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight border for a pressed button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonPressedHighlightBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="827de048-0883-e1d3-11ac-1c6d925f9612.md">ButtonSelectedBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color for a button being selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fbbf8e9e-2181-af92-5a49-fc7c4a2ab222.md">ButtonSelectedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the background starting color for a button being selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e204d362-e4b7-072a-89b7-669dc429b1f3.md">ButtonSelectedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the background ending color for a button being selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d188d389-9e58-40c2-9330-f00022fa3114.md">ButtonSelectedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background middle color for a button being selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b80d44d0-1c62-e387-647e-c186fb842e6d.md">ButtonSelectedHighlight</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight background for a selected button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedHighlight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a55b9310-8ab3-d4d9-c2e6-b53bc9f3302f.md">ButtonSelectedHighlightBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the highlight border for a selected button.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ButtonSelectedHighlightBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fd7154f0-8c0a-24b8-e32d-e48f6869510e.md">CheckBackground</a></td>
<td>Get background of the check mark area.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.CheckBackground)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e00212f3-0ee2-446a-b54e-8f3daaeeb92d.md">CheckPressedBackground</a></td>
<td>Get background of a pressed check mark area.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.CheckPressedBackground)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="67703ece-b0fb-62d1-9539-c8aaf564c264.md">CheckSelectedBackground</a></td>
<td>Get background of a selected check mark area.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.CheckSelectedBackground)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f58ae1aa-9acf-22f4-5e4f-1633b0a69d13.md">Colors</a></td>
<td>Gets the raw set of colors.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9ea02ba9-51ab-16a9-c810-15e3d770a30f.md">GripDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the dark color used to draw grips.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.GripDark)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4b7e5ba6-9039-54bc-4216-24d4373f5348.md">GripLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the light color used to draw grips.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.GripLight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d50402e6-7656-398d-699b-ee1d62e7e3c5.md">ImageMarginGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color for the context menu margin.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="725de68e-3d64-a874-f0ef-66589cf13d84.md">ImageMarginGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the ending color for the context menu margin.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3f64e5c3-d062-bb8e-da39-394c6cff1a7b.md">ImageMarginGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color for the context menu margin.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="671ebf87-19a7-808e-0c35-a2ba06f4c968.md">ImageMarginRevealedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color for the context menu margin revealed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginRevealedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e44d5e8c-c55a-22e4-07b6-1741a129c372.md">ImageMarginRevealedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the ending color for the context menu margin revealed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginRevealedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bf6befe6-1fd1-f6c9-f34e-4db8d6746c6f.md">ImageMarginRevealedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color for the context menu margin revealed.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ImageMarginRevealedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="23362a5b-cffd-bc34-9ed7-5794c2f4bc84.md">MenuBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the color of the border around menus.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6b4f78fc-31ef-6bf4-7f80-f0dec67e56b0.md">MenuItemBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color for around the menu item.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="436ad458-ba3a-f0fd-4c9e-50e230ba200f.md">MenuItemPressedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed down.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemPressedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="11c9141d-6060-efdc-9433-0522dfe1622b.md">MenuItemPressedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed down.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemPressedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="da437c54-a5f2-7e2e-6888-05aa0352a29a.md">MenuItemPressedGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed down.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemPressedGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fee19c2d-72ee-0d3f-3674-af957005b0db.md">MenuItemSelected</a></td>
<td>Gets the color of a selected menu item.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemSelected)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ec41aebb-7698-177f-3c35-a06d4e46e2b7.md">MenuItemSelectedGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used when the ToolStripMenuItem is selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemSelectedGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d9e105b0-d1aa-4d2e-5a6d-16bf0bff5a1d.md">MenuItemSelectedGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used when the ToolStripMenuItem is selected.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuItemSelectedGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ff490e48-e744-fb7b-d24b-27f9a6c6bba8.md">MenuItemText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the menu items.<br />(Overrides <a href="bf5ef5b1-9be2-555a-03e6-f3a4f8cbfdcc.md">KryptonColorTable.MenuItemText</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="40e35d9b-ce9e-3b44-de1c-57cf070a6efc.md">MenuStripFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font used on the menu strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="b6ef872c-406f-7471-482e-2ec54dce7743.md">KryptonColorTable.MenuStripFont</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ea252493-55db-6bd4-d247-0d8b34e1710f.md">MenuStripGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the MenuStrip.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuStripGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="01d30cc0-17bd-8069-8bce-eaaf2f74fc08.md">MenuStripGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the MenuStrip.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.MenuStripGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="818c4aa1-002f-cfa1-2187-7bdfba5f159d.md">MenuStripText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the menu strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="a1a476de-b35c-977c-1f23-fef0e03abc48.md">KryptonColorTable.MenuStripText</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1a70a56a-610b-e16d-ecbb-743b4b173a27.md">OverflowButtonGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.OverflowButtonGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2a375dd3-4d13-8b47-e078-f014980a2c10.md">OverflowButtonGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.OverflowButtonGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d7c04465-dca1-ed28-6e96-fdebb781208d.md">OverflowButtonGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.OverflowButtonGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5402a30e-107d-4479-d1f2-397262be6b24.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets the associated palette instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="dea02866-c4bb-a4a9-94c0-3c39ed614761.md">KryptonColorTable</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="989726ed-180b-54d9-1ab0-cf54aeb51053.md">RaftingContainerGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripContainer.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.RaftingContainerGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1044e48e-6c28-c0bf-05df-b69ca32576bf.md">RaftingContainerGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripContainer.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.RaftingContainerGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="61d7e496-7f6c-bf3e-5077-d1e0ab1f6b82.md">SeparatorDark</a></td>
<td>Gets the dark separator color.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.SeparatorDark)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0b88ed94-f378-790d-1e11-79778ebc5c42.md">SeparatorLight</a></td>
<td>Gets the light separator color.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.SeparatorLight)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StatusStripBorder</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c7cddb7e-e178-9419-7d27-35844b69b209.md">StatusStripFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font used on the status strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="9ebed260-f09c-e4cb-fe1f-c316142558e7.md">KryptonColorTable.StatusStripFont</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f142426c-cfb3-e711-e9c6-0478c0a86f79.md">StatusStripGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color for the status strip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.StatusStripGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d5852ccb-4d60-b6c4-a8b9-757dd3a05063.md">StatusStripGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the ending color for the status strip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.StatusStripGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f5b2cbbb-8b62-a4d9-55c3-41eab84e7b15.md">StatusStripText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the status strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="01632758-e1ce-3543-6a11-29f340b923e5.md">KryptonColorTable.StatusStripText</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f05312e7-4ec1-e5bf-7795-df7be0d054e2.md">ToolStripBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color to use on the bottom edge of the ToolStrip.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripBorder)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="02452577-6ee2-9a8f-f15f-1ecb3e24e356.md">ToolStripContentPanelGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color for the content panel background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripContentPanelGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8c2fc0a5-ede3-bf1f-336a-d133fa5b93da.md">ToolStripContentPanelGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the ending color for the content panel background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripContentPanelGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="12b79513-8c6f-4543-f250-65bc1768e7e1.md">ToolStripDropDownBackground</a></td>
<td>Gets the background color for drop down menus.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripDropDownBackground)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9fe8fcef-2a20-3bf4-c3e4-1bf69675be9d.md">ToolStripFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font used on the tool strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="f4298298-46cc-e27b-a4cb-8add7f253083.md">KryptonColorTable.ToolStripFont</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a3cfafa8-15fe-aa13-1821-269b772fe48b.md">ToolStripGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f0f5d05b-4a4b-ac3e-3a7d-9e2bb63017e5.md">ToolStripGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="db9447d4-3871-7c63-9eb4-4669387d2e06.md">ToolStripGradientMiddle</a></td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripGradientMiddle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b3499ae8-401e-b48f-d71a-311f42231331.md">ToolStripPanelGradientBegin</a></td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripPanel.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripPanelGradientBegin)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9a9055fb-9819-f7e5-0f10-269b6ea6867e.md">ToolStripPanelGradientEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripPanel.<br />(Overrides ProfessionalColorTable.ToolStripPanelGradientEnd)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0b13cd82-cf34-2543-2d77-c940e05476d6.md">ToolStripText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the tool strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="79d91581-1635-df06-699e-90c821c48509.md">KryptonColorTable.ToolStripText</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="89a109cf-1d15-7051-5754-6d83fc69e97f.md">UseRoundedEdges</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if rounded egdes are required.<br />(Overrides <a href="16893f9b-41f9-0398-61d5-ab2e1a31331c.md">KryptonColorTable.UseRoundedEdges</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseSystemColors</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use SystemColors rather than colors that match the current visual style.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="813b99ce-99cc-07f9-52e2-d040e746ff14.md">KryptonColorTable2010BlueLightMode Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
