# PaletteContentStyleStrings Class


Exposes the set of PaletteContentStyleConverter strings used within Krypton and that are localizable.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
[TypeConverterAttribute(typeof(ExpandableObjectConverter))]
public class PaletteContentStyleStrings : GlobalId
```
**VB**
``` VB
<TypeConverterAttribute(GetType(ExpandableObjectConverter))>
Public Class PaletteContentStyleStrings
	Inherits GlobalId
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  PaletteContentStyleStrings</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8f974ce-0c6d-a173-24d7-0da95c8e0dd2.md">PaletteContentStyleStrings</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the PaletteContentStyleStrings class</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="d47f483f-fe7a-95dd-8cc8-75503ac66be9.md">ButtonBreadCrumb</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the breadcrumb palette button content style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="746dadd8-2f86-477e-c284-0e0a35e104bc.md">ButtonButtonSpec</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the button spec palette button content style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cc12d836-f4f0-8890-29e1-29f3d8f1ce91.md">ButtonCalendarDay</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the calendar day palette button content style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="72af1ecc-9c76-92e7-12e3-d24847a0d5cb.md">ButtonCluster</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the cluster palette button content style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="03c31079-78a8-bece-83d3-e1db943b5a75.md">ButtonCommand</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the command palette button content style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8cdcfa00-39b2-2ace-4f71-45f48d49fcc6.md">ButtonCustom1</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the command 1 palette button content style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4762062f-4cfa-8103-4ee5-18a03f9489f7.md">ButtonCustom2</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the command 2 palette button content style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="437b46f6-9802-d1a8-fe00-af3ac80c7895.md">ButtonCustom3</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the command 3 palette button content style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71fa052b-609d-1de5-0683-64b5b404c74e.md">ButtonForm</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the form palette button content style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d3cc9774-7992-adae-dcb2-622061b1902f.md">ButtonFormClose</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the form close palette button content style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="33f182b1-4404-ac1f-2a6e-1be5dadace7e.md">ButtonGallery</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the gallery palette button content style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b544061d-389f-4ce9-1bc8-3c9c9d2e4458.md">ButtonInputControl</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the input control palette button content style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="885125a0-525e-dbe4-ed01-a7c427192501.md">ButtonListItem</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the list item palette button content style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b4b3e649-1bc2-e6a0-1180-fb0904b1ef67.md">ButtonLowProfile</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the low profile palette button content style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1ce6b561-caf0-badd-1d78-248b1513fd62.md">ButtonNavigatorMini</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the navigator mini palette button content style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3c6c5b6d-c7e8-c0fa-b199-c0e65c75ebfd.md">ButtonNavigatorOverflow</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the navigator overflow palette button content style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0826553b-40ae-6ab9-47f4-58f68da1a4a7.md">ButtonNavigatorStack</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the navigator stack palette button content style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="96c112af-e7cc-23d5-c8f2-708966b700fe.md">ButtonStandalone</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the standalone palette button content style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a9e91021-60ce-733f-188f-c63088d9f636.md">ContextMenuHeading</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the heading palette context menu style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e6414018-2db7-453a-f6ef-af98be7b98cb.md">ContextMenuItemImage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the item image palette context menu style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aa83758c-a819-2f0f-28ec-d9fb867fd640.md">ContextMenuItemShortcutText</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the item shortcut text palette context menu style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4c774f6e-d98b-be4a-8bbd-834a5be78018.md">ContextMenuItemTextAlternate</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the item alternate text palette context menu style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9f73959a-5b64-9739-72c4-23bcc039c330.md">ContextMenuItemTextStandard</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the item standard text palette context menu style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="49e15d08-e9d6-a20f-0a86-b577b18be7f7.md">GridDataCellCustom1</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom 1 grid data cell style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9cc523d5-54a0-dcf6-ce91-e013e242d81b.md">GridDataCellCustom2</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom 2 grid data cell style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cca012a9-0047-2ba3-e131-af60427010c2.md">GridDataCellCustom3</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom 3 grid data cell style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="753d7622-f00a-447c-70d7-5a684df1b39f.md">GridDataCellList</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the data cell list grid style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="69ca1db0-73c1-623d-088c-3c305f4cb499.md">GridDataCellSheet</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the data cell sheet grid style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0224dec3-c1fc-15ea-a580-d93ccc33ea0c.md">GridHeaderColumnCustom1</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom 1 grid header column style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cebe3786-6534-7c7b-5dfe-7575105956bd.md">GridHeaderColumnCustom2</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom 2 grid header column style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="812b147b-9837-2021-5366-55add86b48e4.md">GridHeaderColumnCustom3</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom 3 grid header column style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5db6a53b-cfc7-49f1-5d65-c59b09a78185.md">GridHeaderColumnList</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the header column list grid style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eab727cb-8e92-2dee-924a-ab7f03878d59.md">GridHeaderColumnSheet</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the header column sheet grid style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="87d5391c-a047-5653-3d64-c546564625c7.md">GridHeaderRowCustom1</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom 1 grid header row style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0e7c9d0a-e440-a2f9-ddd7-535844ba803b.md">GridHeaderRowCustom2</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom 2 grid header row style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="87d60a7b-fe32-b3ad-c499-61859a11dc06.md">GridHeaderRowCustom3</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom 3 grid header row style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9a9b5bff-f97a-99b1-f775-4f0d7707ce6d.md">GridHeaderRowList</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the header row list grid style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="091620c8-e951-c5b6-70e7-9585c893403d.md">GridHeaderRowSheet</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the header row sheet grid style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="002361d8-477f-9cb8-6be0-4ccfa82caf7c.md">HeaderCalendar</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the calendar header style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="929671d9-0d07-3935-62c1-1c538086fe00.md">HeaderCustom1</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom 1 header style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="56e4441b-8b85-3b88-6e2d-053e4af43884.md">HeaderCustom2</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom 2 header style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="165c363b-55dd-ae37-0509-d1057e7eacb7.md">HeaderCustom3</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom 3 header style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="26f89ac1-4a26-ed80-4bb7-05667401ecd9.md">HeaderDockActive</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the active header dock style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9b1106e4-e86e-4cb0-5b73-6aa5c9267fcf.md">HeaderDockInactive</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the inactive header dock style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c6b8c1c1-9fcd-5580-069d-b13efd6b9302.md">HeaderForm</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the form header style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c21f1db1-2ccd-e76f-b025-e244f91bf4d3.md">HeaderPrimary</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the primary header style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ccbe7c99-efe4-8b8f-7829-d88dafc493cd.md">HeaderSecondary</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the secondary header style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4f7bb669-b254-9daf-2ae5-a52e4706be40.md">InputControlCustom1</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom 1 input control style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4390ddb5-1c10-e1d0-9426-fed931f8122a.md">InputControlCustom2</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom 2 input control style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9ac93195-f1b5-0572-081a-299e611c1ce5.md">InputControlCustom3</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom 3 input control style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="52d604a3-cf8f-fd89-649f-86a6b781a082.md">InputControlRibbon</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the ribbon input control style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="16f394cb-85a4-8f8c-73b8-7e2b22bb065b.md">InputControlStandalone</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the standalone input control style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="990ccdb8-9103-5d9f-baa1-4e417aa71e32.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="168bd286-266e-e28e-7afd-f1c990ab1dc4.md">LabelBoldControl</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the bold label control style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3a62222a-eaa7-5a18-f6f9-08777a1ed488.md">LabelBoldPanel</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the bold label panel style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="490f921b-e0b1-28a9-02e2-f70d1e28e026.md">LabelCustom1</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom 1 label style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="99fde2a2-6995-b2c4-5ec5-1881c110fe86.md">LabelCustom2</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom 2 label style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="72b624a8-b8f3-77f0-e9a8-5f22af9e2594.md">LabelGroupBoxCaption</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the group box caption label style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9307415f-7cf4-2be6-0ff6-849c0f2728d1.md">LabelItalicControl</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the italic label control style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7c187c4e-5b8c-071c-6b75-205f4107330c.md">LabelItalicPanel</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the italic label panel style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f88761b0-5c70-a0e1-1255-8e16b45b6d86.md">LabelKeyTip</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the key tip label style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d6418eea-89bb-c032-e108-d1b6e04fd53f.md">LabelNormalControl</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the normal label control style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8743e929-c386-3f3b-2fe7-e91b18c657ad.md">LabelNormalPanel</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the normal label panel style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="45be8503-9527-db96-5c28-3fa0c9daab72.md">LabelSuperTip</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the super tip label style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8d256b95-19b5-1792-eba8-e6baacfe6ca7.md">LabelTitleControl</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the title label control style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cebea4a0-f6b3-43ff-ad8a-e60d4b72f161.md">LabelTitlePanel</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the title label panel style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f776d109-6a91-dd80-d5ef-097d6e9dde48.md">LabelToolTip</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the tool tip label style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a634a37d-cbf3-48d4-464a-95cf57f33008.md">TabCustom1</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom 1 tab style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b832dc45-fc6e-b214-8407-acbe04eda657.md">TabCustom2</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom 2 tab style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eeef75da-fb5f-af85-3aa8-cb49fca1bb47.md">TabCustom3</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom 3 tab style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3aa4c186-170d-9de1-7bdf-0548ade775d2.md">TabDock</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the dock style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cffd3834-215d-90ab-f82c-5233c402c9b5.md">TabDockAutoHidden</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the auto hidden dock style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d8e0bf33-f6e6-4cef-d768-8ec1cbd3f179.md">TabHighProfile</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the high profile tab style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d4a348d4-6789-1bb0-43fe-cefddd1a6010.md">TabLowProfile</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the low profile tab style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="747e8ebd-bf30-3565-2523-6c2d2c00361c.md">TabOneNote</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the OneNote tab style string.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7a1f1a56-b764-c441-f55f-cfe92aa734ba.md">TabStandardProfile</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the standard profile tab style string.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3a57d7dd-5bbb-6adc-d050-aa7873580957.md">Reset</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="429d9a0a-71b1-81e1-ea00-a40a21cf5542.md">ToString</a></td>
<td><br />(Overrides Object.ToString())</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
