# KryptonTextBox Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="fca2415c-a4f1-3809-9ac7-a5d129e41431.md">AcceptsReturn</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating if return characters are accepted as input for multiline edit controls.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="49b90b2a-ab1d-7bcd-1673-6c1c1975dbba.md">AcceptsTab</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating if tab characters are accepted as input for multiline edit controls.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8f6c57f-cf04-b8db-6da2-3f9d5eb99a8a.md">AllowButtonSpecToolTipPriority</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if button spec tooltips should remove the parent tooltip.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19c7ef7e-d2a8-d3db-a746-66548505257d.md">AllowButtonSpecToolTips</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if tooltips should be Displayed for button specs.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can accept data that the user drags onto it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ae54c131-e367-641f-6a9c-c45761299969.md">AlwaysActive</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets Determines if the control is always active or only when the mouse is over the control or has focus.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Anchor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the edges of the container to which a control is bound and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="65935aa1-a305-6644-04b9-3f39ee2269c8.md">AutoCompleteCustomSource</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the StringCollection to use when the AutoCompleteSource property is set to CustomSource.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ae0e9576-8dbd-0389-df96-b384e79dc157.md">AutoCompleteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the text completion behavior of the textbox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="96e54955-0c04-c2e1-980a-094843fc44b4.md">AutoCompleteSource</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the autocomplete source, which can be one of the values from AutoCompleteSource enumeration.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7c3ba472-0989-e8cd-dad0-eadf857590ba.md">AutoSize</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if the control is automatically sized.<br />(Overrides Control.AutoSize())</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="664f139a-c1b8-b846-2c35-47bafaf3c7dc.md">BackColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background color for the control.<br />(Overrides Control.BackColor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1cb9b3f1-d625-1f75-6f48-9cd33918e4c4.md">BackgroundImage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fbcec284-5d61-c094-4119-30a008179f8c.md">BackgroundImageLayout</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image layout.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f80f6b88-8850-87e3-58f7-f92781935685.md">ButtonSpecs</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of button specifications.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f505dc8d-26da-a36c-9588-eda65c3c4411.md">CanUndo</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user can undo the previous operation in a rich text box control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="087176a3-16c3-dc86-b9a7-cea7e501433a.md">CharacterCasing</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating if all the characters should be left alone or converted to uppercase or lowercase.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="97401abd-bf47-e639-7568-206ca0937c76.md">ContainedControl</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the contained input control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eca54094-3ce2-6852-0965-2f04c581f10d.md">ContextMenuStrip</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the associated context menu strip.<br />(Overrides <a href="762a4528-1f36-43c6-29a3-95a52c85f1e8.md">VisualControlBase.ContextMenuStrip</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Controls</td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9dc761cf-9919-afc1-874c-ca5a499a154a.md">CornerRoundingRadius</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the corner rounding radius.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateParams</td>
<td>Gets the required creation parameters when the control handle is created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f5f350f5-f5bd-5141-bab8-10f457cf8b6d.md">CueHint</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common textbox appearance entries that other states can override.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="edb112f7-3ae9-cc4d-e632-7c388e7d9f2c.md">DefaultSize</a></td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Overrides Control.DefaultSize)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b2cc65a2-e569-eae3-243f-f5aa5678da70.md">DisplayRectangle</a></td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the display area of the control.<br />(Overrides Control.DisplayRectangle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dock</td>
<td>Gets or sets which control borders are docked to its parent control and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f77f144-461b-e0c7-d404-e98cb632abe2.md">EvalInvokePaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to use Invoke to force a repaint.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6de1bad3-9a87-aaa6-a72b-4ff54a676c48.md">Focused</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Overrides Control.Focused)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="27581ed9-a7d8-e371-de48-5ccdcadc38b1.md">Font</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the font of the text Displayed by the control.<br />(Overrides Control.Font)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6f47348f-2ca7-5454-380e-21c58b7f21c1.md">ForeColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the foreground color for the control.<br />(Overrides Control.ForeColor)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f66209da-4617-2fab-9573-a36046eb123c.md">HideSelection</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating that the selection should be hidden when the edit control loses focus.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4def3479-68cf-1dd9-208b-99701f3246e3.md">InputControlStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the input control style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19e559e5-49d6-6837-1d3e-bd30310c9e4b.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the KryptonContextMenu to show when right clicked.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="20bdc1ec-4784-4dc8-6cf2-b871962264b9.md">Lines</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the lines of text in a multiline edit, as an array of String values.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the upper limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ba432dad-6e3c-0041-ce79-d203f45935fa.md">MaxLength</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the maximum number of characters that can be entered into the edit control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the lower limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="21b235d0-99e2-4491-2660-fb218a36fe25.md">Modified</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the contents have changed since last last.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76fd7ad3-324f-7b8f-a2b8-5b4ada37010e.md">Multiline</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets whether the text in the control can span more than one line.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302ce870-6f41-13a5-eab3-35894a525ed5.md">MultilineStringEditor</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the control uses the multiline string editor widget.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e8e19cb-0b87-5a93-8dae-ba685ab768d3.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd0acfd2-24e3-79cc-4d0e-393dc3db77cf.md">NeedPaintPaletteDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint palette delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76de231e-1e7e-f794-8483-ddea441042ee.md">NeedTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if transparent paint is needed<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets padding within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0cd21a8-cecb-c891-532e-34ba62c82f21.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41c3411b-ffb0-095e-47b4-fc6ce7c5db17.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="464e95b3-b467-4629-7fec-284407009a05.md">PasswordChar</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a the character to display for password input for single-line edit controls.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="adeda394-916c-c8bb-2322-5cdc0c234f74.md">ReadOnly</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the text in the edit control can be changed or not.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="177219af-8f43-9c87-623d-ff4ae2155849.md">Redirector</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the palette redirector.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81eeb3c2-d939-1525-0987-b9cd7d94af7d.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6693419e-ddd2-bc80-fe2e-23adfa329bb5.md">ScrollBars</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets, for multiline edit controls, which scroll bars will be shown for this control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3a46d1a0-6f60-5dd2-ad80-b38d097c9dd5.md">SelectedText</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the selected text within the control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8bd0aaa0-6580-89ca-e3b7-435440e04489.md">SelectionLength</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the selection length for the selected area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cd6ec738-33b6-63c6-6855-1dd8d2c383d5.md">SelectionStart</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the starting point of text selected in the control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3d1770e3-ad4a-a65a-c136-b4f0e90a66db.md">ShortcutsEnabled</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether shortcuts defined for the control are enabled.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c987c0ad-4b92-44e5-771d-0aae75b92dd9.md">ShowEllipsisButton</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether [show ellipsis button].</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="66b521e8-7612-fd34-50c6-b46146381918.md">StateActive</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the active textbox appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="92f60acb-7b07-bfd0-bdd4-bccb43028c4d.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common textbox appearance entries that other states can override.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="789637a7-1fd3-e2f6-6150-2f342d03e53b.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled textbox appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eaefe89e-fc3a-c07d-8737-77944948afb0.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal textbox appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="149ab425-06ce-ea7e-69fb-13b6de97a43c.md">TabStop</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the control is in the tab chain.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f1607e44-9a20-714e-e385-fc409f6a7de0.md">Text</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text associated with the control.<br />(Overrides Control.Text)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0c9af861-8a27-074a-d21e-3f52d8a0e698.md">TextAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets how the text should be aligned for edit controls.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="66f49424-b82c-c01a-f5e6-844e4e7fa298.md">TextBox</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the contained TextBox instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bc32b541-ceb0-3c64-0f74-3521b916ef97.md">TextLength</a></td>
<td>Gets the length of text in the control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8706514a-0cec-4a2f-10c0-4b5001a1bcbe.md">ToolTipManager</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ToolTipManager used for displaying tool tips.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7bc15b0f-7b9c-1821-d705-0229ee9c0438.md">ToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the button content.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f51f7937-adcf-25ad-781c-3ae22623fe0d.md">TransparentParent</a></td>
<td>Gets the control reference that is the parent for transparent drawing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a71885f6-a505-c6b6-8d48-02e81371641f.md">UseMnemonic</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether mnemonics will fire button spec buttons.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b2b62c48-59d4-567b-908e-ff7d3031a925.md">UseSystemPasswordChar</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating if the text in the edit control should appear as the default password character.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0e7b5ca5-8d49-a3f1-fee9-312e72f0bb99.md">WordWrap</a></td>
<td>Indicates if lines are automatically word-wrapped for multiline edit controls.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="bafb1891-da9d-07a1-9249-da755c1768d7.md">KryptonTextBox Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
