# KryptonProgressBarToolStripItem Class


Represents a tool strip Krypton progress bar control.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonProgressBarToolStripItem : ToolStripControlHostFixed
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonProgressBarToolStripItem
	Inherits ToolStripControlHostFixed
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  BindableComponent  →  ToolStripItem  →  ToolStripControlHost  →  <a href="0cd23d56-bfb4-3a42-73b7-e771587d20bc.md">ToolStripControlHostFixed</a>  →  KryptonProgressBarToolStripItem</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8349127-d0ac-e866-8a37-dfe37fc3b8da.md">KryptonProgressBarToolStripItem</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the KryptonProgressBarToolStripItem class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description that will be reported to accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control, which specifies the type of user interface element of the control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Alignment</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the item aligns towards the beginning or end of the ToolStrip.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether drag-and-drop and item reordering are handled through events that you implement.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Anchor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the edges of the container to which a ToolStripItem is bound and determines how a ToolStripItem is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the item is automatically sized.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoToolTip</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the Text property or the ToolTipText property for the ToolStripItem ToolTip.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Available</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the ToolStripItem should be placed on a ToolStrip.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImage</td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageLayout</td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image layout as defined in the ImageLayout enumeration.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the collection of currency managers for the IBindableComponent.<br />(Inherited from BindableComponent)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets the size and location of the item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the component can raise an event.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the hosted control causes and raises validation events on other controls when the hosted control receives focus.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Command</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ICommand whose Execute(Object) method will be called when the ToolStripItem's Click event is invoked.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CommandParameter</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parameter that is passed to the ICommand that's assigned to the Command property.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContentRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the area where content, such as text and icons, can be placed within a ToolStripItem without overwriting background borders.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Control</td>
<td>Gets the Control that this ToolStripControlHost is hosting.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlAlign</td>
<td>Gets or sets the alignment of the control on the form.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the collection of data-binding objects for this IBindableComponent.<br />(Inherited from BindableComponent)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultAutoToolTip</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether to display the ToolTip that is defined as the default.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultDisplayStyle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating what is displayed on the ToolStripItem.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the default margin of an item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing characteristics of the item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultSize</td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DismissWhenClicked</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether items on a ToolStripDropDown are hidden after they are clicked.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayStyle</td>
<td>Gets or sets whether text and images are displayed on a ToolStripItem.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dock</td>
<td>Gets or sets which ToolStripItem borders are docked to its parent control and determines how a ToolStripItem is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleClickEnabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the ToolStripItem can be activated by double-clicking the mouse.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the parent control of the ToolStripItem is enabled.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focused</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Font</td>
<td>Gets or sets the font to be used on the hosted control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height, in pixels, of a ToolStripItem.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageAlign</td>
<td>Gets or sets the alignment of the image on a ToolStripItem.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the index value of the image that is displayed on the item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageKey</td>
<td>Gets or sets the key accessor for the image in the ImageList that is displayed on a ToolStripItem.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageScaling</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether an image on a ToolStripItem is automatically resized to fit in a container.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageTransparentColor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the color to treat as transparent in a ToolStripItem image.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the object has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsOnDropDown</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the container of the current Control is a ToolStripDropDown.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsOnOverflow</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the Placement property is set to Overflow.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b5351ad8-138b-9b6a-1057-b3c6d238a929.md">KryptonProgressBarHost</a></td>
<td>Gets the krypton progress bar host.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between the item and adjacent items.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c11e5ab8-fdaf-a661-5e2d-14a24e75397a.md">MarqueeAnimationSpeed</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the time period, in milliseconds, that it takes the progress block to scroll across the progress bar.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="51eac9d7-18d5-24b1-f902-54a5da8f05d9.md">Maximum</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the maximum value of the range of the control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MergeAction</td>
<td>Gets or sets how child menus are merged with parent menus.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MergeIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the position of a merged item within the current ToolStrip.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5d3fb73a-c8ae-9d5e-d1a1-f9f74dd624cf.md">Minimum</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the minimum value of the range of the control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Overflow</td>
<td>Gets or sets whether the item is attached to the ToolStrip or ToolStripOverflowButton or can float between the two.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Owner</td>
<td>Gets or sets the owner of this item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OwnerItem</td>
<td>Gets the parent ToolStripItem of this ToolStripItem.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets the internal spacing, in pixels, between the item's contents and its edges.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the ToolStripItem.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Placement</td>
<td>Gets the current layout of the item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Pressed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the state of the item is pressed.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeftAutoMirrorImage</td>
<td>Mirrors automatically the ToolStripItem image when the RightToLeft property is set to Yes.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Selected</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the item is selected.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether to show or hide shortcut keys.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the hosted control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5775e1bc-b0d8-3814-755a-f5b2a4172855.md">Size</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the size of the ToolStripItem.<br />(Overrides ToolStripControlHost.Size)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="998b8880-85a8-311b-cc93-0ba7c65d564a.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common ProgressBar appearance that other states can override.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f69082f8-926d-a5d6-7f79-917974d3de61.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled ProgressBar appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dfff7bf8-4512-b85a-4197-717aa3aeefd6.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal ProgressBar appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e7ff9ab5-0abc-d21b-d1ee-05317c39a7d8.md">Step</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the amount by which a call to the PerformStep() method increases the current position of the progress bar.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aa07e8ec-8674-97c8-8ae1-2f1019c1a497.md">Style</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the manner in which progress should be indicated on the progress bar.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b3712a0d-2407-24b9-df7b-e83884c266b7.md">Text</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the text to be displayed on the hosted control.<br />(Overrides ToolStripControlHost.Text)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TextAlign</td>
<td>Gets or sets the alignment of the text on a ToolStripLabel.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TextImageRelation</td>
<td>Gets or sets the position of ToolStripItem text and image relative to each other.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolTipText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the text that appears as a ToolTip for a control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dde1430d-273d-e9df-d913-452a64659137.md">UseValueAsText</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether [use value as text].</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0b25ff9-fbcb-caa9-9cef-eecc6105ac5c.md">Value</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the current position of the progress bar.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="67e93ef2-84b9-382c-2acb-97ff24fd6f8e.md">Values</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the Progress Bar Label values.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the item is displayed.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width in pixels of a ToolStripItem.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CreateAccessibilityInstance</td>
<td>Creates a new accessibility object for the control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the ToolStripControlHost and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects)</td>
<td>Begins a drag-and-drop operation.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects, Bitmap, Point, Boolean)</td>
<td>Begins a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focus</td>
<td>Gives the focus to a control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCurrentParent</td>
<td>Retrieves the ToolStrip that is the container of the current ToolStripItem.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPreferredSize</td>
<td>Retrieves the size of a rectangular area into which a control can be fitted.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate()</td>
<td>Invalidates the entire surface of the ToolStripItem and causes it to be redrawn.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the ToolStripItem by adding it to the update region of the ToolStripItem, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation, and causes a paint message to be sent to the ToolStripItem.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputChar</td>
<td>Determines whether a character is an input character that the item recognizes.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputKey</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified key is a regular input key or a special key that requires preprocessing.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAvailableChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AvailableChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from BindableComponent)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBoundsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Bounds property changes.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCommandCanExecuteChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CommandCanExecuteChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCommandChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CommandChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCommandParameterChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CommandParameterChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDisplayStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the DisplayStyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the DoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragDrop</td>
<td>Raises the DragDrop event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragEnter</td>
<td>Raises the DragEnter event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragLeave</td>
<td>Raises the DragLeave event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragOver</td>
<td>Raises the DragOver event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnabledChanged</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnter</td>
<td>Raises the Enter event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGiveFeedback</td>
<td>Raises the GiveFeedback event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGotFocus</td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHostedControlResize</td>
<td>Synchronizes the resizing of the control host with the resizing of the hosted control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnKeyDown</td>
<td>Raises the KeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnKeyPress</td>
<td>Raises the KeyPress event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnKeyUp</td>
<td>Raises the KeyUp event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLayout</td>
<td>Raises the Layout event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLeave</td>
<td>Raises the Leave event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLocationChanged</td>
<td>Raises the LocationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLostFocus</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseDown</td>
<td>Raises the MouseDown event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseEnter</td>
<td>Raises the MouseEnter event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseHover</td>
<td>Raises the MouseHover event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseLeave</td>
<td>Raises the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseMove</td>
<td>Raises the MouseMove event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseUp</td>
<td>Raises the MouseUp event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnOwnerChanged</td>
<td>Raises the OwnerChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnOwnerFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event when the Font property has changed on the parent of the ToolStripItem.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ParentChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentEnabledChanged</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event when the Enabled property value of the item's container changes.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentRightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnQueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Raises the QueryContinueDrag event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRequestCommandExecute</td>
<td>Called in the context of OnClick(EventArgs) to invoke Execute(Object) if the context allows.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSubscribeControlEvents</td>
<td>Subscribes events from the hosted control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnUnsubscribeControlEvents</td>
<td>Unsubscribes events from the hosted control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidated</td>
<td>Raises the Validated event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidating</td>
<td>Raises the Validating event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformClick</td>
<td>Generates a Click event for a ToolStripItem.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessCmdKey</td>
<td>Processes a command key.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDialogKey</td>
<td>Processes a dialog key.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessMnemonic</td>
<td>Processes a mnemonic character.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Select</td>
<td>Selects the item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds</td>
<td>Sets the size and location of the item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetVisibleCore</td>
<td>Sets the ToolStripItem to the specified visible state.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>AvailableChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Available property changes.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackColor property changes.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the binding context has changed.<br />(Inherited from BindableComponent)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Click</td>
<td>Occurs when the ToolStripItem is clicked.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CommandCanExecuteChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the CanExecute(Object) status of the ICommand that's assigned to the Command property has changed.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CommandChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the assigned ICommand of the Command property has changed.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CommandParameterChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the CommandParameter property has changed.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayStyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the DisplayStyle has changed.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the item is double-clicked with the mouse.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragDrop</td>
<td>Occurs when the user drags an item and the user releases the mouse button, indicating that the item should be dropped into this item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when the user drags an item into the client area of this item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when the user drags an item and the mouse pointer is no longer over the client area of this item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragOver</td>
<td>Occurs when the user drags an item over the client area of this item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EnabledChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Enabled property value has changed.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enter</td>
<td>Occurs when the hosted control is entered.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ForeColor property value changes.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GiveFeedback</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GotFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the hosted control receives focus.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyDown</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is pressed and held down while the hosted control has focus.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyPress</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is pressed while the hosted control has focus.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyUp</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is released while the hosted control has focus.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Leave</td>
<td>Occurs when the input focus leaves the hosted control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LocationChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the location of a ToolStripItem is updated.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LostFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the hosted control loses focus.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDown</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the item and a mouse button is pressed.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer enters the item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseHover</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer hovers over the item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer leaves the item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseMove</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is moved over the item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseUp</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the item and a mouse button is released.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OwnerChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Owner property changes.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Paint</td>
<td>Occurs when the item is redrawn.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryAccessibilityHelp</td>
<td>Occurs when an accessibility client application invokes help for the ToolStripItem.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag-and-drop operation and allows the drag source to determine whether the drag-and-drop operation should be canceled.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the RightToLeft property value changes.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Text property changes.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validated</td>
<td>Occurs after the hosted control has been successfully validated.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validating</td>
<td>Occurs while the hosted control is validating.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VisibleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Visible property changes.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
<a href="0cd23d56-bfb4-3a42-73b7-e771587d20bc.md">ToolStripControlHostFixed</a>  
