# KryptonThemeComboBox Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="80c3857e-9b90-b602-48eb-4c8a8e988856.md">AllowButtonSpecToolTipPriority</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if button spec tooltips should remove the parent tooltip.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="02c23436-8215-e7a6-daba-582caf6935e7.md">AllowButtonSpecToolTips</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if tooltips should be Displayed for button specs.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can accept data that the user drags onto it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="981523f5-8e47-a732-cb40-8c371eaf4cdf.md">AlwaysActive</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets Determines if the control is always active or only when the mouse is over the control or has focus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ab9d8935-dec5-272f-9590-935bdd024222.md">Anchor</a></td>
<td>https://github.com/Krypton-Suite/Standard-Toolkit/issues/688<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2322461b-207c-67cc-b10e-ffcd10112bf3.md">AutoCompleteCustomSource</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the StringCollection to use when the AutoCompleteSource property is set to CustomSource.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b02148b4-b02e-8d7b-f0ef-f05fff048c18.md">AutoCompleteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the text completion behavior of the combobox.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5ac96257-4cba-d764-6ea5-5a64863ff7b7.md">AutoCompleteSource</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the autocomplete source, which can be one of the values from AutoCompleteSource enumeration.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="53eaf632-98f9-b36b-2005-95266d6c3828.md">BackColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background color for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1cb9b3f1-d625-1f75-6f48-9cd33918e4c4.md">BackgroundImage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fbcec284-5d61-c094-4119-30a008179f8c.md">BackgroundImageLayout</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image layout.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="286959d1-5320-443c-b785-e5b7801b1dda.md">ButtonSpecs</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of button specifications.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8feaf58a-0ac5-0b2f-c5a5-c1ab34f86d67.md">ComboBox</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the contained ComboBox instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d7da2f21-a030-c982-3f10-21f066d919aa.md">ContainedControl</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the contained input control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e1bd9fe6-f012-fc2c-bd81-3b9e5ce5a552.md">ContextMenuStrip</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the associated context menu strip.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Controls</td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cdadf660-743e-dc7a-4ec0-550753d593b0.md">CornerRoundingRadius</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the corner rounding radius.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateParams</td>
<td>Gets the required creation parameters when the control handle is created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f1986766-5c5b-3954-0c5c-703b28a5f31f.md">CueHint</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common textbox appearance entries that other states can override.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e2392526-ea37-a3f6-731b-82b86cfa7586.md">DataSource</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the list that this control will use to gets its items.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0d170d69-c495-b0d9-88f6-106e9de1d1a1.md">DefaultSize</a></td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8c03808b-5c08-f7bb-95a9-75cf5eaff997.md">DisplayMember</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the property to display for the items in this control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="642c6d31-8d4a-3193-252b-6e835c5f762d.md">DisplayRectangle</a></td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the display area of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dock</td>
<td>Gets or sets which control borders are docked to its parent control and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="353eecf0-67ac-cf3d-472f-7feeee0c58c3.md">DrawMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the draw mode of the combobox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="58d20fc0-c3e1-ac56-df43-fd2648c027d8.md">DropBackStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the drop button style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="83d1a342-c965-1676-5bbf-63b488630d86.md">DropButtonStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the drop button style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8a4fc9c0-c199-5aec-2404-6ff8eafa84fd.md">DropDownHeight</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the height, in pixels, of the drop down box in a KryptonComboBox.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="edaa3936-7d12-1242-f4cc-6d5c93e6a70e.md">DropDownStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the appearance and functionality of the KryptonComboBox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="880e01be-9718-e749-fcad-5daeb8aa5c3e.md">DropDownWidth</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the width, in pixels, of the drop down box in a KryptonComboBox.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2262f202-d8e0-9aa7-d7cf-290107129ab1.md">DroppedDown</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating whether the control is displaying its drop-down portion.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f77f144-461b-e0c7-d404-e98cb632abe2.md">EvalInvokePaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to use Invoke to force a repaint.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7fc29da5-ef7d-cb58-d051-e291fc65f69f.md">Focused</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="176f958f-a480-5ff2-36fa-248ebd1d6fe4.md">Font</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the font of the text Displayed by the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f83b32a-89c7-bf44-a2f2-64a07436083b.md">ForeColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the foreground color for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="763fa2bc-0322-1ce0-ebc2-e5e0d38ba79a.md">FormatInfo</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the formatting provider.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="92629587-40ec-6b08-f902-de8fa330753c.md">FormatString</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the format specifier characters that indicate how a value is to be Displayed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1985bb88-a185-868a-9315-a36e48dbde47.md">FormattingEnabled</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets if this property is true, the value of FormatString is used to convert the value of DisplayMember into a value that can be Displayed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="948f8717-2943-8c98-9a97-da08037475cc.md">InputControlStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the input control style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="93fe20e7-d1fa-7812-73e9-ca9152c60dca.md">IntegralHeight</a></td>
<td><br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0234c94c-972a-143c-217d-83d7104303c8.md">Items</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the items in the KryptonComboBox.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b1b03793-930f-45c9-4ae1-8999e80202e5.md">ItemStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the item style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19e559e5-49d6-6837-1d3e-bd30310c9e4b.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the KryptonContextMenu to show when right clicked.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a13b4ae8-f2ab-e537-7c0a-9e856e45ba39.md">KryptonCustomPalette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ThemeSelectedIndex.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="db4bae38-81dc-34d8-fe4a-06ec8bd3822d.md">MaxDropDownItems</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the maximum number of entries to display in the drop-down list.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the upper limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="03cbebbc-c5a5-60ef-7020-a20dae025abf.md">MaxLength</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the maximum number of characters that can be entered into the edit control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the lower limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e8e19cb-0b87-5a93-8dae-ba685ab768d3.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd0acfd2-24e3-79cc-4d0e-393dc3db77cf.md">NeedPaintPaletteDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint palette delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76de231e-1e7e-f794-8483-ddea441042ee.md">NeedTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if transparent paint is needed<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets padding within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0cd21a8-cecb-c891-532e-34ba62c82f21.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41c3411b-ffb0-095e-47b4-fc6ce7c5db17.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="177219af-8f43-9c87-623d-ff4ae2155849.md">Redirector</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the palette redirector.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81eeb3c2-d939-1525-0987-b9cd7d94af7d.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="49470e6d-0fd3-1cbe-faee-d7b7032c8728.md">SelectedIndex</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the selected index.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a9511921-e536-a764-31b3-7054b8f2ff47.md">SelectedItem</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the selected item.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5852fb63-a1b3-eaa6-3405-2fb7f8318cfc.md">SelectedText</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text that is selected in the editable portion of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8847d2bd-8363-bed7-fafa-f95c50d46d31.md">SelectedValue</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the selected value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1d0ab155-eb36-4fa0-b9a5-e115b3017688.md">SelectionLength</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the number of characters selected in the editable portion of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="526915db-4e65-0fe7-b718-a1c08bb894fe.md">SelectionStart</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the starting index of selected text in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b8b4149e-6b95-393d-7695-410082486793.md">Sorted</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets whether the items in the list portion of the KryptonComboBox are sorted.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9bc9a6f5-685c-d63a-8be7-bddea50830fd.md">StateActive</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the active combobox appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e148e898-d717-d9d6-9068-c78efb5f4a44.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common combobox appearance entries that other states can override.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76329cac-a8c8-9519-cd20-c37ef0ec4c46.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled combobox appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b1f98fdb-d832-ad5a-094a-f1d1817d5134.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal combobox appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8c37d9a7-dfb4-f258-9231-d96f0855a8cb.md">StateTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the tracking combobox appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5464b0be-c914-2238-73df-891a5c5c1810.md">TabStop</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the control is in the tab chain.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6c1e3c1a-33e4-9d5a-9ea2-bad53f2cb2b7.md">Text</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text associated associated with the control.<br />(Overrides <a href="4e870ea3-cd18-32e8-3ac0-9153df55edc5.md">KryptonComboBox.Text</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="09639560-54ce-5202-8aca-b40c70d6d3d6.md">ThemeSelectedIndex</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the ThemeSelectedIndex.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9a1858ec-c6c6-9127-9e26-3136c6546bd3.md">ToolTipManager</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ToolTipManager used for displaying tool tips.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7bc15b0f-7b9c-1821-d705-0229ee9c0438.md">ToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the button content.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f51f7937-adcf-25ad-781c-3ae22623fe0d.md">TransparentParent</a></td>
<td>Gets the control reference that is the parent for transparent drawing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aab08fe8-5308-2eae-e8f9-71a3359a11b8.md">UseMnemonic</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether mnemonics will fire button spec buttons.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="30834d6c-66f2-a780-7547-0382ceb060f2.md">ValueMember</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the value member.<br />(Inherited from <a href="6e3c34ba-a54b-38d7-c887-9815158b827f.md">KryptonComboBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="bb655db1-16f4-24e5-4302-dbb618b0acdc.md">KryptonThemeComboBox Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
