# KryptonStandardRenderer Events




## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>RenderArrow</td>
<td>Occurs when an arrow on a ToolStripItem is rendered.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripRenderer)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderButtonBackground</td>
<td>Occurs when the background for a ToolStripButton is rendered.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripRenderer)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderDropDownButtonBackground</td>
<td>Occurs when the background for a ToolStripDropDownButton is rendered.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripRenderer)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderGrip</td>
<td>Occurs when the move handle for a ToolStrip is rendered.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripRenderer)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderImageMargin</td>
<td>Draws the margin between an image and its container.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripRenderer)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderItemBackground</td>
<td>Occurs when the background for a ToolStripItem is rendered.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripRenderer)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderItemCheck</td>
<td>Occurs when the image for a selected ToolStripItem is rendered.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripRenderer)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderItemImage</td>
<td>Occurs when the image for a ToolStripItem is rendered.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripRenderer)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderItemText</td>
<td>Occurs when the text for a ToolStripItem is rendered.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripRenderer)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderLabelBackground</td>
<td>Occurs when the background for a ToolStripLabel is rendered.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripRenderer)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderMenuItemBackground</td>
<td>Occurs when the background for a ToolStripMenuItem is rendered.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripRenderer)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderOverflowButtonBackground</td>
<td>Occurs when the background for an overflow button is rendered.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripRenderer)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderSeparator</td>
<td>Occurs when a ToolStripSeparator is rendered.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripRenderer)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderSplitButtonBackground</td>
<td>Occurs when the background for a ToolStripSplitButton is rendered.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripRenderer)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderStatusStripSizingGrip</td>
<td>Occurs when the display style changes.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripRenderer)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderToolStripBackground</td>
<td>Occurs when the background for a ToolStrip is rendered.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripRenderer)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderToolStripBorder</td>
<td>Occurs when the border for a ToolStrip is rendered.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripRenderer)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderToolStripContentPanelBackground</td>
<td>Draws the background of a ToolStripContentPanel.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripRenderer)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderToolStripPanelBackground</td>
<td>Draws the background of a ToolStripPanel.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripRenderer)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderToolStripStatusLabelBackground</td>
<td>Draws the background of a ToolStripStatusLabel.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripRenderer)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="d933dd39-c61a-a80c-1f88-3718aa9fe094.md">KryptonStandardRenderer Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
