# CheckButtonImageStates Class


Storage for check button content value information.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class CheckButtonImageStates : ButtonImageStates
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class CheckButtonImageStates
	Inherits ButtonImageStates
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>  →  <a href="967610a5-017d-c40c-44ee-37ded8ed5046.md">ButtonImageStates</a>  →  CheckButtonImageStates</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="4bc4f73a-15d9-608d-c71e-61576ea893c6.md">CheckButtonImageStates</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the CheckButtonImageStates class</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c2882481-3475-8a83-19b2-54556c459ab1.md">ImageCheckedNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the button image for checked normal state.<br />(Overrides ButtonImageStates.ImageCheckedNormal)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="651c610d-4921-463a-cf2a-67392e41c81b.md">ImageCheckedPressed</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the button image for checked pressed state.<br />(Overrides ButtonImageStates.ImageCheckedPressed)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="792867c6-5bbb-c3be-b11f-d6ba2575c549.md">ImageCheckedTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the button image for checked tracking state.<br />(Overrides ButtonImageStates.ImageCheckedTracking)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="894ce84e-2c56-694e-3cc0-edc06e9aec79.md">ImageDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the button image for disabled state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="967610a5-017d-c40c-44ee-37ded8ed5046.md">ButtonImageStates</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bb4493a2-fd85-3fea-6c65-dae4ce94a92b.md">ImageNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the button image for normal state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="967610a5-017d-c40c-44ee-37ded8ed5046.md">ButtonImageStates</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="406f5bb1-d79c-3700-e9c8-07754d368c04.md">ImagePressed</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the button image for pressed state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="967610a5-017d-c40c-44ee-37ded8ed5046.md">ButtonImageStates</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d66654e7-08b8-36b2-acac-1ba296cf76f2.md">ImageTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the button image for tracking state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="967610a5-017d-c40c-44ee-37ded8ed5046.md">ButtonImageStates</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="22aab18e-559f-10c7-d13a-8d4148729413.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all values are default.<br />(Overrides <a href="25b1ddb0-c2c7-60fc-8a3a-15580bc24889.md">ButtonImageStates.IsDefault</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="097a0f47-e60c-4bf7-802c-8391c6d8feff.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="879ca7f2-32c5-8581-44f2-c7aee6491db2.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="98a60baa-1fbc-fab1-6f16-5b795d723d89.md">CopyFrom(ButtonImageStates)</a></td>
<td>Value copy form the provided source to ourself.<br />(Inherited from <a href="967610a5-017d-c40c-44ee-37ded8ed5046.md">ButtonImageStates</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d9c5f3b5-4a09-eee6-2dcc-8807ce1fd63b.md">CopyFrom(CheckButtonImageStates)</a></td>
<td>Value copy form the provided source to ourself.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="419f0053-08f4-fa8c-e6ad-946f6c1e1354.md">ResetImageCheckedNormal</a></td>
<td>Resets the ImageCheckedNormal property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9696c316-55ab-ed2e-0f77-26fd08458adf.md">ResetImageCheckedPressed</a></td>
<td>Resets the ImageCheckedPressed property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8f580960-19fb-fe5c-1002-94d9f8d1505c.md">ResetImageCheckedTracking</a></td>
<td>Resets the ImageCheckedTracking property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8a6ca55d-2e26-0404-2064-7d7b345cd9fa.md">ResetImageDisabled</a></td>
<td>Resets the ImageDisabled property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="967610a5-017d-c40c-44ee-37ded8ed5046.md">ButtonImageStates</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd1a56f9-365f-d6ce-53b4-07794c0679ea.md">ResetImageNormal</a></td>
<td>Resets the ImageNormal property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="967610a5-017d-c40c-44ee-37ded8ed5046.md">ButtonImageStates</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="59296455-0575-527e-00e1-4f01e78a4a9b.md">ResetImagePressed</a></td>
<td>Resets the ImagePressed property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="967610a5-017d-c40c-44ee-37ded8ed5046.md">ButtonImageStates</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3deb9c79-5819-3af6-c6b5-c557bb355366.md">ResetImageTracking</a></td>
<td>Resets the ImageTracking property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="967610a5-017d-c40c-44ee-37ded8ed5046.md">ButtonImageStates</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
