# KryptonDockableNavigator Events




## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="ead27777-5712-343e-d029-be7b6c5574e1.md">AfterPageDrag</a></td>
<td>Occurs after a page drag operation has finished/aborted.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackColor property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackgroundImage property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackgroundImageLayoutChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the BackgroundImageLayout property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0df271fa-4582-c67b-2660-7ba468cb270b.md">BeforePageDrag</a></td>
<td>Occurs just before a page drag operation is started.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="24b7f8f8-05b6-f411-0c22-c3bc1204452f.md">BeforePageReorder</a></td>
<td>Occurs just before a page is reordered.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BindingContext property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidationChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the CausesValidation property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="febbe813-1b69-96d0-ad7e-b486fdb9c908.md">CellPageInserting</a></td>
<td>Occurs when a page is being inserted into the navigator.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ChangeUICues</td>
<td>Occurs when the focus or keyboard user interface (UI) cues change.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Click</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is clicked.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ClientSize property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="55381f01-d28a-e6e5-083f-b602a687cf40.md">CloseAction</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the close action occurs.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1ba35062-03aa-d72b-10a8-3dda69bd0693.md">ContextAction</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the context action occurs.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the ContextMenuStrip property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlAdded</td>
<td>Occurs when a new control is added to the Control.ControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ControlRemoved</td>
<td>Occurs when a control is removed from the Control.ControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5db6d8dc-eb1c-fd78-4e48-0506a6c87524.md">CtrlTabStart</a></td>
<td>Occurs when control tabbing is starting.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="73a53e58-6d73-6768-986d-c507bd857a30.md">CtrlTabWrap</a></td>
<td>Occurs when control tabbing is about to wrap around pages.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CursorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Cursor property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the DataContext property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6cee2bc5-7886-1a51-7f73-a7eaeac45da8.md">Deselected</a></td>
<td>Occurs after a page is deselected.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="30af381e-b0b3-51f8-f704-4f54487603f6.md">Deselecting</a></td>
<td>Occurs before a page is deselected.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3f69c24d-f49a-ae9c-05da-d8c4a6047a26.md">DisplayPopupPage</a></td>
<td>Occurs when a page is about to be shown as a popup.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DockChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Dock property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is double-clicked.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DpiChangedAfterParent</td>
<td>Occurs when the DPI setting for a control is changed programmatically after the DPI of its parent control or form has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DpiChangedBeforeParent</td>
<td>Occurs when the DPI setting for a control is changed programmatically before a DPI change event for its parent control or form has occurred.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragDrop</td>
<td>Occurs when a drag-and-drop operation is completed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged into the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged out of the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragOver</td>
<td>Occurs when an object is dragged over the control's bounds.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EnabledChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Enabled property value has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enter</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is entered.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Font property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ForeColor property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GiveFeedback</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="86b6b593-be64-74e5-9b90-1c294818dd61.md">GlobalPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the Global palette changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GotFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the control receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HandleCreated</td>
<td>Occurs when a handle is created for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HandleDestroyed</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's handle is in the process of being destroyed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HelpRequested</td>
<td>Occurs when the user requests help for a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ImeMode property has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="66aafee0-f20d-a95c-d5da-b2d154676c31.md">Initialized</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the control is initialized.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3f8d5b86-928d-3774-9233-3c025f7589be.md">VisualControl</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidated</td>
<td>Occurs when a control's display requires redrawing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyDown</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is pressed while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyPress</td>
<td>Occurs when a character. space or backspace key is pressed while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyUp</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is released while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Layout</td>
<td>Occurs when a control should reposition its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Leave</td>
<td>Occurs when the input focus leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LocationChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Location property value has changed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LostFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the control loses focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MarginChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's margin changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseCaptureChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control loses mouse capture.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is clicked by the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is double clicked by the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDown</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the control and a mouse button is pressed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer enters the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseHover</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer rests on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer leaves the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseMove</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is moved over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseUp</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the control and a mouse button is released.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseWheel</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse wheel moves while the control has focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Move</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is moved.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d31bf358-3fda-dd67-d803-8d0782fb0e26.md">NextAction</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the next action occurs.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="67b14c49-4408-f869-9fab-5b40d8f25b18.md">OutlookDropDown</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the context action occurs.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PaddingChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control's padding changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c7b07280-f91c-d44f-95a8-30dbbd455b34.md">PageDrop</a></td>
<td>Occurs when a page is being dropped.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5c873674-95e4-ef76-ff3a-9dc60e5cb325.md">PageDropDownClicked</a></td>
<td>Occurs when a page requests that a drop down menu be shown.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Paint</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is redrawn.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="32d43992-02c5-c372-c8ca-601d1a133690.md">PaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the palette changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ParentChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Parent property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreviewKeyDown</td>
<td>Occurs before the KeyDown event when a key is pressed while focus is on this control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="761f1b9d-ace6-d7a4-217d-0700af2e76ed.md">PreviousAction</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the previous action occurs.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bca04d67-c1e9-2cb5-f38b-ed620ba262cc.md">PrimaryHeaderDoubleClicked</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse double clicks the primary header.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7ee4c8bb-2a78-999c-1635-25e9bcbd698a.md">PrimaryHeaderLeftClicked</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the left mouse clicks the primary header.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c23d8fb6-f163-42a6-5641-1412d702b3e7.md">PrimaryHeaderRightClicked</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the right mouse clicks the primary header.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryAccessibilityHelp</td>
<td>Occurs when AccessibleObject is providing help to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag-and-drop operation and enables the drag source to determine whether the drag-and-drop operation should be canceled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RegionChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Region property changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Resize</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the RightToLeft property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="556b5d70-d4bf-728b-9478-8a9d0f803a37.md">Selected</a></td>
<td>Occurs after a page is selected.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="be759713-22be-7cda-d68c-15a45c62ceeb.md">SelectedPageChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs after the selected page changes.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="681378cc-3b3d-a24c-4706-5d0472a03758.md">Selecting</a></td>
<td>Occurs before a page is selected.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f5fac373-7335-ce80-0c5c-0e61f6a2c93b.md">ShowContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Occurs when a page is about to be shown as a popup.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Size property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the control style changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SystemColorsChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the system colors change.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cbccafb7-9b61-c934-bb82-2af637142e03.md">TabClicked</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse clicks a page tab.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71deb5a8-0a09-9715-440c-2e21ffb0d456.md">TabCountChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs after the number of pages has changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e5f937ef-fe1b-0c05-c764-22abd41dedaa.md">TabDoubleClicked</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse double clicks a page tab.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndexChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the TabIndex property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ed8514c7-4f0e-2b56-4057-210742a6a7ec.md">TabMouseHoverEnd</a></td>
<td>Occurs when mouse hovering over a tab ends.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="34a3f684-c6fc-1e48-cc7e-b7bbce95f61a.md">TabMouseHoverStart</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse starts hovering over a tab.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ed2c706e-441d-840c-17b6-9544e2c67506.md">TabMoved</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the user moves a tab to a new indexed position.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStopChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the TabStop property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bb5eecf9-ef0b-7fee-09cb-15d047d592d1.md">TabVisibleCountChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs after the number of visible pages has changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Text property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validated</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is finished validating.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validating</td>
<td>Occurs when the control is validating.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VisibleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Visible property value changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="0599e3ef-fca5-dece-3a3f-37ff2644d1e4.md">KryptonDockableNavigator Class</a>  
<a href="98399376-cf41-9454-4b4d-4fab2ca20bc7.md">Krypton.Docking Namespace</a>  
