# BarMultiline Class


Specifies how items are placed within lines for display in bar.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Navigator (in Krypton.Navigator.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public sealed class BarMultiline : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public NotInheritable Class BarMultiline
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  BarMultiline</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="7ff26cf7-0495-68ae-cede-785d60bc037b.md">Exactline</a></td>
<td>Specifies items are placed on single line and shrunk/expanded to fit the line exactly.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="62d6661c-6977-4019-04b6-7148d275df45.md">Expandline</a></td>
<td>Specifies items are placed on single line and expanded to try and fill the entire line.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e65e2c25-1e52-3321-6db6-e59b435dc66b.md">Multiline</a></td>
<td>Specifies items are split over number of lines required to fully show all items.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="21846616-c233-8e1d-af55-b15acfe652a0.md">Shrinkline</a></td>
<td>Specifies items are placed on single line and shrunk to try and make all visible.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1497e574-8573-21e9-d173-54b46707fe6e.md">Singleline</a></td>
<td>Specifies items are placed on single line but may not all be visible.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="904a5e30-6198-b07b-fd37-81f7ddd9bc09.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
