# SeparatorController Class


Process mouse events for a separator style element.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class SeparatorController : ButtonController, 
	IDisposable
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class SeparatorController
	Inherits ButtonController
	Implements IDisposable
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>  →  SeparatorController</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td>IDisposable</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="9c71979f-ba62-8ce8-42c9-6b4a98f189b5.md">SeparatorController</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the SeparatorController class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="d46b8d53-d689-11dd-d080-c62a9b78a339.md">AllowDragging</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if dragging is allowed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2b11d169-6af2-646b-90a7-b151d0f07cbf.md">BecomesFixed</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the button becomes fixed in pressed appearance when pressed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3d9a9eb1-eb78-fcb3-eb21-41b85eab086a.md">BecomesRightFixed</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the button becomes fixed in pressed appearance when pressed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="66a73650-c565-cd81-f0c1-93fb07b63787.md">Captured</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if mouse input is being captured.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b8929dae-96fc-b2a9-07c4-59621b511bdb.md">ClickOnDown</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the press down should cause the click.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a3cc8cab-1b45-3f58-b65c-fa1f84f550f6.md">DrawMoveIndicator</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the drawing of the movement indicator.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2de5e7d4-5da2-cd2f-fee3-1f01eee26aa2.md">IgnoreVisualFormLeftButtonDown</a></td>
<td>Should the left mouse down be ignored when present on a visual form border area.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d289db6e-873f-0f2b-3b83-3fccc3b80d10.md">IsMoving</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if the separator is moving.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bb14338e-94f7-d9b0-9209-f7b0231f51cb.md">IsOnlyPressedWhenOver</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if the state is pressed only when over button.<br />(Overrides <a href="5868c826-942c-809b-275d-6c61289364f6.md">ButtonController.IsOnlyPressedWhenOver</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8c528d97-bef8-475b-e212-a026499e2139.md">IsOperating</a></td>
<td>Get a value indicating if the controller is operating<br />(Overrides <a href="a4235019-bdda-091c-242e-366d40b55807.md">ButtonController.IsOperating</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d3aa5d69-205e-9bc2-bb25-0be1ad2a629c.md">MousePoint</a></td>
<td>Gets the current tracking mouse point.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="68051382-2e7d-fb06-3c28-c35ced272817.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bea7a749-8c88-975b-b261-98bd90240250.md">NonClientAsNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the drawing of a non client mouse position when pressed as normal.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f1005310-9c7f-8cd4-a04b-b093fa5542ec.md">Repeat</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need for repeat clicks.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="507fc725-ff06-9834-95fe-af35df920a6a.md">SplitRectangle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the area of the button which is split.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="208d9855-fe1f-938e-292c-95978f8de243.md">Tag</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the user data associated with the controller.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="feb8197d-4b2d-c6e5-e926-74f0daf4d6d9.md">Target</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the associated target of the controller.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="594bd570-576b-f3b6-8448-cc93662a8387.md">AbortMoving</a></td>
<td>Request that the separator abort moving.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63ad28e6-674c-ab43-77f9-9a1c3b130d16.md">ClearDragRect</a></td>
<td>Reset the dragging rect to prevent any dragging starting.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="873978ee-655f-5a83-1026-3cbec9b01ada.md">Dispose</a></td>
<td>Dispose of object resources.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4fd5b852-2037-0d65-5c70-e4560445a61b.md">DoubleClick</a></td>
<td>Left mouse button double click.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dbbe479f-d56b-a486-7d1d-0455ac917208.md">DrawSeparatorRemoved</a></td>
<td>Remove drawing of any splitter.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="354f81b6-6abc-ac1c-939f-6b0a56e1d242.md">DrawSeparatorReposition</a></td>
<td>Redraw the splitter in the new position.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81aa9064-1fb9-9276-814e-e36b2dfa2e42.md">DrawSeparatorStarting</a></td>
<td>Draw the initial separator position.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f434e265-b1a5-edc7-f590-97ab4ab091c1.md">GotFocus</a></td>
<td>Source control has lost the focus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4f869e70-ee75-1d47-7c79-6b59dca568b5.md">KeyDown</a></td>
<td>Key has been pressed down.<br />(Overrides <a href="ec2b09dd-034a-b733-2e51-50bf9d18a55b.md">ButtonController.KeyDown(Control, KeyEventArgs)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="731ab80a-a254-1947-3bb1-76ba19dba376.md">KeyPress</a></td>
<td>Key has been pressed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="29591aac-332c-0f56-615f-b1695c582c79.md">KeyUp</a></td>
<td>Key has been released.<br />(Overrides <a href="5f26c38b-308f-e6b6-cc0b-cbc5a60e5ebe.md">ButtonController.KeyUp(Control, KeyEventArgs)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="14d336db-b705-5ac0-6063-ea0050b5d16b.md">LostFocus</a></td>
<td>Source control has lost the focus.<br />(Overrides <a href="76a29efe-334d-d138-638a-58b53b26d853.md">ButtonController.LostFocus(Control)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bfd26a21-f897-536d-8766-89d71ae28b14.md">MouseDown</a></td>
<td>Mouse button has been pressed in the view.<br />(Overrides <a href="5c6256e2-e7b1-31fc-d3e3-ee5dc9e553b5.md">ButtonController.MouseDown(Control, Point, MouseButtons)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="86f65667-f252-e757-6b6e-93cfc60e00e6.md">MouseEnter</a></td>
<td>Mouse has entered the view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="58359a3e-b1f8-b8a8-6400-0d68342ae085.md">MouseLeave</a></td>
<td>Mouse has left the view.<br />(Overrides <a href="d7488298-c899-1aca-554a-c4d515e4fbd4.md">ButtonController.MouseLeave(Control, ViewBase)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8e39ecdd-7412-74f7-af7a-8bb7b3fce6ba.md">MouseMove</a></td>
<td>Mouse has moved inside the view.<br />(Overrides <a href="f9d65d91-5cee-767e-548d-39eec10232a6.md">ButtonController.MouseMove(Control, Point)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="02707616-524a-60f2-8f44-13f96ef02928.md">MouseUp</a></td>
<td>Mouse button has been released in the view.<br />(Overrides <a href="ee712fcf-8343-fe4a-85a6-ad3bbfd6fdca.md">ButtonController.MouseUp(Control, Point, MouseButtons)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="20987cf1-ed72-a306-3f8d-cfc46b1d5a58.md">OnButtonDragOffset</a></td>
<td>Raises the ButtonDragOffset event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6d1f56c1-6eba-4d17-e8f7-f8d9eecdb597.md">OnButtonDragRectangle</a></td>
<td>Raises the ButtonDragRectangle event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="958c2602-9b38-e22b-13b5-7e2144595322.md">OnClick</a></td>
<td>Raises the Click event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4942c871-71ff-4338-845a-808c15f600cc.md">OnDragEnd</a></td>
<td>Raises the DragEnd event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ef1cb8dc-3d47-9912-cfd1-d6783a315487.md">OnDragMove</a></td>
<td>Raises the DragMove event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="07685598-90ab-13b1-a9c7-caa614797897.md">OnDragQuit</a></td>
<td>Raises the DragQuit event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="760b46e0-d8ee-69e5-f80c-b3f5c05a1ef4.md">OnDragStart</a></td>
<td>Raises the DragStart event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="df2b4637-0ff0-ddc1-3b15-8a7e78a0a0a3.md">OnMouseSelect</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseSelect event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1a32b3a8-7009-7e36-624f-15377c97f6a3.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="005f99f4-ddff-7844-acfc-942d05712268.md">OnRightClick</a></td>
<td>Raises the RightClick event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="da03ee27-a04e-9e8b-d991-bdbfd492132f.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b3d34401-5897-7cf0-d6f9-c2edae2d6cb4.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4d9ff849-06ac-a2c5-b95b-179f27b7d7bf.md">RemoveFixed</a></td>
<td>Remove the fixed pressed mode.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9cc4805c-1265-fbf1-b321-d59f84e5da74.md">UpdateTargetState(Control)</a></td>
<td>Set the correct visual state of the target.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2a8fef9a-32d2-953a-d137-5c475e1861dc.md">UpdateTargetState(Point)</a></td>
<td>Set the correct visual state of the target.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bfe82c75-af96-fb64-5b28-c297009f5496.md">ViewIsPartOfButton</a></td>
<td>Discovers if the provided view is part of the button.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="f2b0b913-a3b2-bd9b-6ee5-6028d0580c94.md">ButtonDragOffset</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the dragging inside the button drag rectangle.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fe215941-bb9f-d030-4d28-13bc99139d80.md">ButtonDragRectangle</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the drag rectangle for the button is required.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0ce075b9-fee1-35d2-41b0-85cafb4d0aee.md">Click</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse is used to left click the target.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="551026a1-f4af-dad0-8e9d-234647d63a24.md">DragEnd</a></td>
<td>Occurs when drag ends.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bcc28226-42ee-f4c1-8bca-ffb83f41de30.md">DragMove</a></td>
<td>Occurs when drag moves.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3f4b1276-5b04-a50d-9dc5-4d9020abc440.md">DragQuit</a></td>
<td>Occurs when drag quits.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3b68a51f-dc15-b9d7-f575-27a4dd577aa7.md">DragStart</a></td>
<td>Occurs when start of drag operation occurs.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41f998dd-073f-07b1-ba5b-0c003bed6168.md">MouseSelect</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse is used to left select the target.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="307c9a78-12e9-8fae-52ab-4193dc383075.md">RightClick</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse is used to right click the target.<br />(Inherited from <a href="4d28eeb6-138d-ce68-aa40-c46ceb66b365.md">ButtonController</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
