# ViewContextMenuManager Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="ab414098-b7d3-7341-b684-980b7328eedf.md">Attach</a></td>
<td>Attach the view manager to provided control and root element.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3760acae-8ec5-3ca7-2132-35bf556b0fbb.md">ViewManager</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0c077335-25d3-ee62-7f24-60d5f2c9a561.md">ClearTarget</a></td>
<td>Clear the provided target from being the current target.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cea5b455-20a0-bb12-7217-a864c89b6335.md">ClearTargetSubMenu</a></td>
<td>Clear the provided target as no longer showing a sub menu.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c085bbc5-1195-1e2e-5d8f-56ba55695d87.md">ComponentFromPoint</a></td>
<td>Is the provided point associated with a component.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3760acae-8ec5-3ca7-2132-35bf556b0fbb.md">ViewManager</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d1b9a957-cf61-14e6-875f-76eb6aa0ac57.md">Dispose</a></td>
<td>Clean up any resources.<br />(Overrides <a href="bff6d65e-c245-5b30-0e9a-f7387f6e4f56.md">ViewManager.Dispose()</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="331e042f-4faa-a456-a291-7591de516eb0.md">DoesStackedClientMouseDownBecomeCurrent</a></td>
<td>Should a mouse down at the provided point cause it to become the current tracking popup.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="01b558df-a898-adf2-b5c0-8b47fef5e687.md">DoubleClick</a></td>
<td>Perform double click processing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3760acae-8ec5-3ca7-2132-35bf556b0fbb.md">ViewManager</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="70d19686-ba1c-95ea-a043-784e251aded6.md">EvalTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Perform a layout of the view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3760acae-8ec5-3ca7-2132-35bf556b0fbb.md">ViewManager</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="685ea1ed-eeae-d027-6903-30c5de4fa5b6.md">GetPreferredSize</a></td>
<td>Discover the preferred size of the view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3760acae-8ec5-3ca7-2132-35bf556b0fbb.md">ViewManager</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4a686df4-da51-e3aa-70aa-36ae49aae6ee.md">GotFocus</a></td>
<td>Perform got focus handling.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3760acae-8ec5-3ca7-2132-35bf556b0fbb.md">ViewManager</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="56db2f6b-9060-6e7b-0e21-069401d76c7d.md">KeyDown()</a></td>
<td>Handle down key being pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8860de9-f6fe-3e13-db88-b498fd6e0381.md">KeyDown(KeyEventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Perform key down handling.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3760acae-8ec5-3ca7-2132-35bf556b0fbb.md">ViewManager</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="970d0ae8-5b4f-373e-e63c-105c31160789.md">KeyEnd</a></td>
<td>Handle end key being pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ca0e7d62-63b8-7e5f-5106-6108ed3a871e.md">KeyHome</a></td>
<td>Handle home key being pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="df353b61-b15a-60e6-6a2d-1cc7b1b46d9c.md">KeyLeft</a></td>
<td>Handle left key being pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="718d7638-f9f2-5195-763a-0eb3affe5032.md">KeyMnemonic</a></td>
<td>Handle key that could be interpreted as a mnemonic.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="814e58da-e672-bd9b-4488-e38b759cd323.md">KeyPress</a></td>
<td>Perform key press handling.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3760acae-8ec5-3ca7-2132-35bf556b0fbb.md">ViewManager</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1e7b0e0a-58cd-eb9a-a511-fc9be08c8b3e.md">KeyRight</a></td>
<td>Handle right key being pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="78e219bb-fb9d-4b7b-aadb-4a6a473dad54.md">KeyTab</a></td>
<td>Handle tab key being pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c068ddfb-a9c4-cfea-401d-bd730569a81c.md">KeyUp()</a></td>
<td>Handle up key being pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="af943cd1-4a56-7bd3-560a-ae064f262e80.md">KeyUp(KeyEventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Perform key up handling.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3760acae-8ec5-3ca7-2132-35bf556b0fbb.md">ViewManager</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4087b449-85ba-60be-29c6-017f7e32b8f8.md">Layout(IRenderer)</a></td>
<td>Perform a layout of the view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3760acae-8ec5-3ca7-2132-35bf556b0fbb.md">ViewManager</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fdf87a67-5930-ace6-121d-821bfa93643d.md">Layout(ViewLayoutContext)</a></td>
<td>Perform a layout of the view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3760acae-8ec5-3ca7-2132-35bf556b0fbb.md">ViewManager</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5fdd0d08-99b1-edfc-115c-81cb821c1bd5.md">LostFocus</a></td>
<td>Perform lost focus handling.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3760acae-8ec5-3ca7-2132-35bf556b0fbb.md">ViewManager</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d2ce89c3-490d-f8ba-3fd7-1bfb65832b18.md">MouseDown</a></td>
<td>Perform mouse down processing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3760acae-8ec5-3ca7-2132-35bf556b0fbb.md">ViewManager</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="140ab031-856c-4660-4ccd-573b0d79e854.md">MouseLeave</a></td>
<td>Perform mouse leave processing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3760acae-8ec5-3ca7-2132-35bf556b0fbb.md">ViewManager</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8fd9c87c-e4fa-e752-560a-e98d625e30e4.md">MouseMove</a></td>
<td>Perform mouse movement handling.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3760acae-8ec5-3ca7-2132-35bf556b0fbb.md">ViewManager</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9ee6b98e-a2bd-599f-c780-a22fb24d0ebe.md">MouseUp</a></td>
<td>Perform mouse up processing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3760acae-8ec5-3ca7-2132-35bf556b0fbb.md">ViewManager</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c31a4e89-9c63-bf2b-3798-54ba6639a741.md">Paint(RenderContext)</a></td>
<td>Perform a paint of the view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3760acae-8ec5-3ca7-2132-35bf556b0fbb.md">ViewManager</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a8d9cd02-7493-7855-4f55-e52145ff168b.md">Paint(IRenderer, PaintEventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Perform a paint of the view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3760acae-8ec5-3ca7-2132-35bf556b0fbb.md">ViewManager</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="009d5c5b-9539-2775-2957-ad70966d3f88.md">PerformMouseDownProcessed</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseDownProcessed event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3760acae-8ec5-3ca7-2132-35bf556b0fbb.md">ViewManager</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="745edb60-b0da-3d96-116a-6f595ec42fc7.md">PerformMouseUpProcessed</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseUpProcessed event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3760acae-8ec5-3ca7-2132-35bf556b0fbb.md">ViewManager</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7ee4242e-ce6c-9b4c-8316-974578a22477.md">ResetCounters</a></td>
<td>Reset the internal counters.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3760acae-8ec5-3ca7-2132-35bf556b0fbb.md">ViewManager</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d08ca5ee-624e-3abc-18f1-2dec8d38bebf.md">SetTarget</a></td>
<td>Set the provided target as the current target.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41eab9e7-5ddc-6085-4229-355631158340.md">SetTargetSubMenu</a></td>
<td>Set the provided target as the current target and it is already showing a sub menu</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="242906f9-9a65-4d53-a7dc-b6a90018f003.md">UpdateViewFromPoint</a></td>
<td>Update the active view based on the mouse position.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3760acae-8ec5-3ca7-2132-35bf556b0fbb.md">ViewManager</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="04ad35b6-5d79-48fb-414d-d8681a419645.md">ViewContextMenuManager Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
