# PaletteDragDrop Class


Storage for drag and drop values.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class PaletteDragDrop : Storage, 
	IPaletteDragDrop
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class PaletteDragDrop
	Inherits Storage
	Implements IPaletteDragDrop
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>  →  PaletteDragDrop</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td><a href="1fa4bc94-6679-2ddc-a4d0-462ed2f46b66.md">IPaletteDragDrop</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="3f893cd4-755b-e629-2ebc-9d65fb0bf15d.md">PaletteDragDrop</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the PaletteDragDrop class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="c7328a0e-ca61-2336-d951-63ecf1c05360.md">DropDockActive</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the active color for docking indicators.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="abf26b7d-6d34-d065-953a-cc2f64ac68cb.md">DropDockBack</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the background color for the docking indicators area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="687f1b18-898c-2b32-c7b0-14f07a5f9bb8.md">DropDockBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border color for the docking indicators area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="89915b71-e0e0-8dff-2401-99b3b05acacb.md">DropDockInactive</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the inactive color for docking indicators.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c3324ccb-484b-c477-e582-ebc1494abb1e.md">Feedback</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the feedback drawing method used.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="907d7fb6-07ee-b793-2536-3aed28d472b1.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all values are default.<br />(Overrides <a href="bbc0e831-9474-3bce-65dc-0625d793d8c1.md">Storage.IsDefault</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="097a0f47-e60c-4bf7-802c-8391c6d8feff.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="879ca7f2-32c5-8581-44f2-c7aee6491db2.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="805bca1d-0d45-b390-907d-281c4bfd6c16.md">SolidBack</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the background color for a solid drag drop area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="65bccf1d-d191-2b5a-3c9b-d99b4614ac11.md">SolidBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border color for a solid drag drop area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c497b431-3652-3853-301f-ce8dfa332ac3.md">SolidOpacity</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the opacity of the solid area.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="29d07ca3-fbb2-cf58-a937-c4134c097e0c.md">GetDragDropDockActive</a></td>
<td>Gets the active color for docking indicators.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="809b46dd-a38b-5876-e368-2c5c597ec21e.md">GetDragDropDockBack</a></td>
<td>Gets the background color for the docking indicators area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2fb67bb0-cde9-ca30-b6c7-9cfc50691f0a.md">GetDragDropDockBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color for the docking indicators area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d13dd9bb-167d-4caa-c846-34138bf404fa.md">GetDragDropDockInactive</a></td>
<td>Gets the inactive color for docking indicators.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0c920b3-9eb7-22b1-9ad5-eea314ccfb06.md">GetDragDropFeedback</a></td>
<td>Gets the feedback drawing method used.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="73be3f64-1309-c9c4-1219-752a17e9bb79.md">GetDragDropSolidBack</a></td>
<td>Gets the background color for a solid drag drop area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="55bfb3b4-205f-9b55-8c68-bdf6dddcde2e.md">GetDragDropSolidBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border color for a solid drag drop area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5bef0c28-4c8c-01f4-1d1b-f7d0ed5632cf.md">GetDragDropSolidOpacity</a></td>
<td>Gets the opacity of the solid area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="857d4b26-249f-99f0-6f5c-1bb7df2e1ad3.md">PopulateFromBase</a></td>
<td>Populate values from the base palette.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c12304d9-aa62-3e7a-21f8-0371390653e0.md">ResetDropDockActive</a></td>
<td>Resets the DropDockActive property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="64dce136-e66d-0bf4-487c-642ec833bd40.md">ResetDropDockBack</a></td>
<td>Resets the DropDockBack property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bd3126c4-b29a-cb89-57ed-393169c4bcdf.md">ResetDropDockBorder</a></td>
<td>Resets the DropDockBorder property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0632eea6-86b6-0cee-2a5e-263801ba1b0f.md">ResetDropDockInactive</a></td>
<td>Resets the DropDockInactive property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="03d1a7dc-517f-ba8c-9ccf-4c1c460d41f0.md">ResetFeedback</a></td>
<td>Resets the Feedback property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7d0fcfef-1821-cb33-d663-b3ab4f56bc3a.md">ResetSolidBack</a></td>
<td>Resets the SolidBack property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0fcbeb10-1aeb-eba7-6876-0d08fe7705e2.md">ResetSolidBorder</a></td>
<td>Resets the SolidBorder property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6bb438b7-9c15-a609-a942-31b9ef744c52.md">ResetSolidOpacity</a></td>
<td>Resets the SolidOpacity property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bfa66c85-05fe-1763-4cd0-790f6c6c21f0.md">SetInherit</a></td>
<td>Sets the inheritance parent.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
