# PaletteContentInheritOverride Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8950886d-6669-13d5-1227-5cbae1440d0a.md">GetContentAdjacentGap</a></td>
<td>Gets the padding between adjacent content items.<br />(Overrides <a href="c0c63c3b-80a7-b6ad-6aeb-88bf7b605a33.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentAdjacentGap(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="68f70333-0f5d-4716-7ee7-db0c6e09ab8d.md">GetContentDraw</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if content should be drawn.<br />(Overrides <a href="b7121508-f738-a13d-9c18-f97c7e6c8c04.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentDraw(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="83f25fca-4128-f2a5-3a80-1c21e258e95c.md">GetContentDrawFocus</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if content should be drawn with focus indication.<br />(Overrides <a href="0d920d8e-f72d-cd23-196d-cf5925669ad8.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentDrawFocus(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="038b93ed-a25a-b559-b67c-f4b7a5747252.md">GetContentImageColorMap</a></td>
<td>Gets the image color to remap into another color.<br />(Overrides <a href="a806b3f8-308d-dee7-aea5-c901dc69e9f8.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentImageColorMap(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e9bc41b2-fb37-134b-051a-8f550056551f.md">GetContentImageColorTo</a></td>
<td>Gets the color to use in place of the image map color.<br />(Overrides <a href="6b418601-bc52-73de-c8ae-e94594e00f4a.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentImageColorTo(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b6ad64dd-0da6-aa42-a517-3df339b08af2.md">GetContentImageEffect</a></td>
<td>Gets the effect applied to drawing of the image.<br />(Overrides <a href="276ede9f-8b68-cbe8-fc53-5f4c38683b28.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentImageEffect(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8a06f429-1816-aa74-9255-96e1751feeac.md">GetContentImageH</a></td>
<td>Gets the horizontal relative alignment of the image.<br />(Overrides <a href="00b45fd6-8be6-8ed2-00ff-cbaf5dd7f7ff.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentImageH(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fbfabb4f-2dda-165f-8d20-2b12fd77a42e.md">GetContentImageV</a></td>
<td>Gets the vertical relative alignment of the image.<br />(Overrides <a href="9c074f95-8e77-a582-b54d-7241fe657c57.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentImageV(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="caaf54d5-32c6-690c-792e-b78e3f4f5c06.md">GetContentLongTextColor1</a></td>
<td>Gets the first back color for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="f871c29b-7bda-1ad8-9a5a-e25c6d4b2284.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextColor1(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ce786ee6-a0fe-ac94-f097-337a06cbf93c.md">GetContentLongTextColor2</a></td>
<td>Gets the second back color for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="1e29978b-06a0-cf88-8bb8-ddba1aed9943.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextColor2(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eb24bfac-1e2d-ae61-ae70-360c37cb224d.md">GetContentLongTextColorAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the color alignment for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="1113034b-4961-60aa-7e6e-c8e5dfee3d2d.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextColorAlign(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="68aa9ee5-f07a-4939-fbca-bacef911c86a.md">GetContentLongTextColorAngle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color background angle for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="7cca93b1-a3e4-c81d-4808-4eadfe4107a9.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextColorAngle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8a1b53c4-16ea-178f-002a-e4699e162d29.md">GetContentLongTextColorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color drawing style for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="2acbabb7-580e-d843-c63d-a288bf15d6c2.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextColorStyle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c9ccabb0-3514-9b8c-e22b-49eef36f7597.md">GetContentLongTextFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="7f7dc34e-de72-6d13-2861-d4a0abf523a3.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextFont(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9bd918e0-6914-2c55-4cff-cac305e4c993.md">GetContentLongTextH</a></td>
<td>Gets the horizontal relative alignment of the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="2f3d8366-4563-1f0c-aa4e-09614cb71c12.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextH(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="38b613ea-e586-3994-f6ff-4d56faffb391.md">GetContentLongTextHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the rendering hint for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="383a711e-bf75-e63e-4770-4f6b97f636b3.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextHint(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0450289c-d157-9cd5-3aa1-a1a45268eefc.md">GetContentLongTextImage</a></td>
<td>Gets a background image for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="41e7e348-4da3-3521-18ee-2f41915871aa.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextImage(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c7411b2c-df60-8ec0-dc70-336b04672dbd.md">GetContentLongTextImageAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the image alignment for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="d9ba2a3e-cd06-400d-0907-5b38993698cc.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextImageAlign(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8985ea0e-f48c-1477-c5c5-dab14ec06d56.md">GetContentLongTextImageStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background image style for the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="e8894c9f-b56f-1970-2482-bb3682cc4690.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextImageStyle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a0eb11b9-4867-4f9e-4a97-e0c9834ed7af.md">GetContentLongTextMultiLine</a></td>
<td>Gets the flag indicating if multiline text is allowed for long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="417b3500-aa16-4240-1988-7975f706bd78.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextMultiLine(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eef6366c-3833-57e3-5305-44e66321d0a9.md">GetContentLongTextMultiLineH</a></td>
<td>Gets the vertical relative alignment of the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="9cc5b633-e215-9a39-397e-6f176a30f4d0.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextMultiLineH(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="87cc120c-e579-1aff-c107-b66dad947bb9.md">GetContentLongTextNewFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the long text by generating a new font instance.<br />(Overrides <a href="2a4459d6-5c2f-dcce-5e27-a4982b1360a2.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextNewFont(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aebc1ad2-9e07-f3fd-94fc-b337cf49b2a0.md">GetContentLongTextPrefix</a></td>
<td>Gets the prefix drawing setting for long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="53ea2d91-f453-2470-4d7b-88fd742fc984.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextPrefix(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="58c1fa08-c3d1-667a-419c-d97692fd37d0.md">GetContentLongTextTrim</a></td>
<td>Gets the text trimming to use for long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="3e13ebff-d358-4853-630c-22884d5cf68a.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextTrim(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4cf7486d-c9ec-2d12-70b1-9357eef8d5ad.md">GetContentLongTextV</a></td>
<td>Gets the vertical relative alignment of the long text.<br />(Overrides <a href="b156ebe4-18ce-02e2-dd5e-b722888068ef.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentLongTextV(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8d932f05-c710-b8cc-d9e7-6b6134cacb83.md">GetContentPadding</a></td>
<td>Gets the padding between the border and content drawing.<br />(Overrides <a href="a7fc807c-88c6-d66a-16ed-1b2cfe7613da.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentPadding(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c18e8b27-42a4-73a1-33c3-8ae929a3cb4a.md">GetContentShortTextColor1</a></td>
<td>Gets the first back color for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="901d796a-1a17-691a-1156-291c96a0841d.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextColor1(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7aa69a30-2cd7-3c53-fbf5-012e1801837b.md">GetContentShortTextColor2</a></td>
<td>Gets the second back color for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="f7aa66c1-7d8b-49a3-012f-2a47affb62c9.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextColor2(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5afcb12c-54f7-f572-2140-06c0aa9b83fd.md">GetContentShortTextColorAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the color alignment for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="14c1cb36-68d3-6772-a515-b7222d657393.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextColorAlign(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2de22fd6-f05d-af8a-b555-8692c62be661.md">GetContentShortTextColorAngle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color background angle for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="92fe1e82-d1e4-f0c2-a755-ae974d967ead.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextColorAngle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2013d846-c30a-d66e-6096-000f5fd260d5.md">GetContentShortTextColorStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the color drawing style for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="c989ccf3-318a-a6cd-311b-2fbfe85712c7.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextColorStyle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="95913308-a93f-df31-b5e9-ff2d01135377.md">GetContentShortTextFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="6e5f1f15-9421-f6c0-ced7-dcbaded5e9ee.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextFont(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c47f73b0-0ac1-efde-e828-7dca584273ae.md">GetContentShortTextH</a></td>
<td>Gets the horizontal relative alignment of the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="66cb9457-d65d-88a0-e101-2043be33a215.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextH(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f25ef2b1-dcbe-6772-d6c8-bf58097d4e37.md">GetContentShortTextHint</a></td>
<td>Gets the rendering hint for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="8328dc1c-b28c-5520-5433-b839ff5da821.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextHint(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8ca1a5ec-612b-044f-1389-dcafab5f9b1b.md">GetContentShortTextImage</a></td>
<td>Gets a background image for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="0a3c04f9-a900-5de9-057a-2ee4f91bc097.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextImage(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="de8cd372-00b7-1fc0-7a0d-65ed6d5e106b.md">GetContentShortTextImageAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets the image alignment for the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="6df2448e-02eb-2ca6-3e81-d6ec74f73afc.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextImageAlign(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d525efbf-4285-fb75-db3c-9fd7e411f924.md">GetContentShortTextImageStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the background image style.<br />(Overrides <a href="72146495-4b8b-04ca-c77a-af1780874285.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextImageStyle(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="01bdddf9-4d32-84c1-6702-05f0ced0b81f.md">GetContentShortTextMultiLine</a></td>
<td>Gets the flag indicating if multiline text is allowed for short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="d35afc7a-a1cf-5a9d-8b3c-b06dc23e628a.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextMultiLine(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a5fe9b4e-21fe-acce-2ea2-749425a5f7de.md">GetContentShortTextMultiLineH</a></td>
<td>Gets the vertical relative alignment of the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="23671736-7b5c-b4b5-619f-e8588c33468b.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextMultiLineH(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3d97a2fa-6192-58d3-2a40-8966c0a5da05.md">GetContentShortTextNewFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font for the short text by generating a new font instance.<br />(Overrides <a href="d7584de0-ed60-2c38-972d-21a8ab23392a.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextNewFont(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c70f874b-a47d-ad0a-e286-78a20ca3aa84.md">GetContentShortTextPrefix</a></td>
<td>Gets the prefix drawing setting for short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="83e58944-3cc6-93c4-71e0-6558a87251d6.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextPrefix(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e01476be-8976-5e49-6b96-18237c6f7560.md">GetContentShortTextTrim</a></td>
<td>Gets the text trimming to use for short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="49f5c2b8-0fd9-fbaf-92e0-b2cea5ff93d3.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextTrim(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a01f387a-ef87-deba-a120-230105daeb59.md">GetContentShortTextV</a></td>
<td>Gets the vertical relative alignment of the short text.<br />(Overrides <a href="30626de3-abba-4879-e2fd-69d459392e67.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentShortTextV(PaletteState)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2971b05c-2b35-1ec9-2167-1a0c7c086fbc.md">GetContentStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the style appropriate for this content.<br />(Overrides <a href="431355a2-f0c2-c65c-3cbc-4cfdbc9baac2.md">PaletteContentInherit.GetContentStyle()</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="60987237-21c7-ed70-0ebe-30482ec8b1d1.md">SetPalettes</a></td>
<td>Update the the primary and backup palettes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="2af4b246-6124-b41a-5896-a0301dcd8c9f.md">PaletteContentInheritOverride Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
