# DropDockingIndicatorsRounded Class


Draws a window containing rounded docking indicators.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Navigator (in Krypton.Navigator.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class DropDockingIndicatorsRounded : NativeWindow, 
	IDisposable, IDropDockingIndicator
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class DropDockingIndicatorsRounded
	Inherits NativeWindow
	Implements IDisposable, IDropDockingIndicator
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  NativeWindow  →  DropDockingIndicatorsRounded</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td><a href="25b94b48-134e-8121-437e-bbfd3fe7b8c9.md">IDropDockingIndicator</a>, IDisposable</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="52af7cfd-c2b0-3999-9aef-ab831df033bb.md">DropDockingIndicatorsRounded</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the DropDockingIndicatorsRounded class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the handle for this window.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>AssignHandle</td>
<td>Assigns a handle to this window.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateHandle</td>
<td>Creates a window and its handle with the specified creation parameters.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefWndProc</td>
<td>Invokes the default window procedure associated with this window.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DestroyHandle</td>
<td>Destroys the window and its handle.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="79e1afab-b376-fa6c-f8da-23920b462f71.md">Dispose</a></td>
<td>Make sure the resources are disposed of gracefully.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases the resources associated with this window.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9a23d71c-d10d-a6f2-d51a-86a923cf50b5.md">Hide</a></td>
<td>Hide the window from display.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="780b0838-8d1a-4432-8132-16ab07b12138.md">MouseReset</a></td>
<td>Ensure the state is updated to reflect the mouse not being over the control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleChange</td>
<td>Specifies a notification method that is called when the handle for a window is changed.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnThreadException</td>
<td>When overridden in a derived class, manages an unhandled thread exception.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ReleaseHandle</td>
<td>Releases the handle associated with this window.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="acd75498-5487-fd71-88b8-04bc7809a749.md">ScreenMouseMove</a></td>
<td>Perform mouse hit testing against a screen point.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8bcf6f51-ecfb-e9b9-f88e-f4c0374573bf.md">ShowRelative</a></td>
<td>Show the window relative to provided screen rectangle.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>WndProc</td>
<td>Invokes the default window procedure associated with this window.<br />(Inherited from NativeWindow)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
