# ButtonDisplayLogicConverter Class


Custom type converter so that ButtonDisplayLogic values appear as neat text at design time.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Navigator (in Krypton.Navigator.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class ButtonDisplayLogicConverter : StringLookupConverter<ButtonDisplayLogic>
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class ButtonDisplayLogicConverter
	Inherits StringLookupConverter(Of ButtonDisplayLogic)
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  EnumConverter  →  <a href="99324d69-1df2-d667-2822-25e081918839.md">StringLookupConverter</a>(<a href="6144bbf4-82cb-50ad-36c9-0b2bbcbe260d.md">ButtonDisplayLogic</a>)  →  ButtonDisplayLogicConverter</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="5b2e850d-ff6b-8582-6161-4fefcc545a86.md">ButtonDisplayLogicConverter</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the ButtonDisplayLogicConverter class</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>Comparer</td>
<td>Gets an IComparer that can be used to sort the values of the enumeration.<br />(Inherited from EnumConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EnumType</td>
<td>Specifies the type of the enumerator this converter is associated with.<br />(Inherited from EnumConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ec4c7be6-836b-d9c0-08c2-1e88cde3fd02.md">Pairs</a></td>
<td>Gets an array of lookup pairs.<br />(Overrides <a href="cb33d303-856e-c206-32b6-dbd92f5dffc6.md">StringLookupConverter(TEnumType).Pairs</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Values</td>
<td>Gets or sets a TypeConverter.StandardValuesCollection that specifies the possible values for the enumeration.<br />(Inherited from EnumConverter)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this converter can convert an object in the given source type to an enumeration object using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from EnumConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this converter can convert an object to the given destination type using the context.<br />(Inherited from EnumConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ccd214cd-eedf-ee72-3c31-522fc76aa930.md">ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</a></td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from <a href="99324d69-1df2-d667-2822-25e081918839.md">StringLookupConverter(TEnumType)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value object to an enumeration object.<br />(Inherited from EnumConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="036ac6ad-ab9c-5481-0c69-20665207eb43.md">ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</a></td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from <a href="99324d69-1df2-d667-2822-25e081918839.md">StringLookupConverter(TEnumType)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified destination type.<br />(Inherited from EnumConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context and attributes.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a collection of standard values for the data type this validator is designed for.<br />(Inherited from EnumConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the list of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from EnumConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from EnumConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the given object value is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from EnumConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
