# KryptonContextMenuImageSelect Class


Provide a context menu image select.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonContextMenuImageSelect : KryptonContextMenuItemBase
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonContextMenuImageSelect
	Inherits KryptonContextMenuItemBase
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>  →  KryptonContextMenuImageSelect</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="c8d77bc0-0565-edd6-2188-487288a62641.md">KryptonContextMenuImageSelect</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonContextMenuImageSelect class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="167b47f5-4279-01bb-1077-b4fe04f1a4a0.md">AutoClose</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if selecting an image automatically closes the context menu.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d7d87b62-1e35-d37c-bc78-0f11f5f2fc08.md">ButtonStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the button style used for each image item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the component can raise an event.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3f427ca0-5e1d-b9c3-eb6a-94b771d4c65f.md">ImageIndexEnd</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the index of last image in the ImageList for display.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="93ce96a8-dd4f-09da-1328-90b1df398fb0.md">ImageIndexStart</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the index of first image in the ImageList for display.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9ddb7494-0f02-0cfe-9cba-1d7ca015ba25.md">ImageList</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the collection of images for display and selection.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9a486f21-c49a-4f66-d6c7-7dd8543b17e1.md">LineItems</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the number of items to place on each display line.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2f7a52fb-d160-3df7-ce8c-344bf9c99202.md">Padding</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets padding around the image selection area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="efb4f1f1-bb8a-ba7f-725a-344c5aad3750.md">SelectedIndex</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the collection of images for display and selection.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ISite of the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4ca54ae1-2f96-5bce-ffd0-420b8c0c9113.md">Tag</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets user-defined data associated with the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e2db60c0-a28d-f7ef-1290-98ef541699f9.md">ToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ToolTipValues content.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="222ce9e0-7672-2989-1f3d-56ab63d1e070.md">Visible</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the item is visible in the context menu.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="810166d3-50b3-2a1c-e0b8-f307c5d96372.md">GenerateView</a></td>
<td>Returns a view appropriate for this item based on the object it is inside.<br />(Overrides <a href="4ff50a92-e0d0-944c-4542-c1dfe1101a0b.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase.GenerateView(IContextMenuProvider, Object, ViewLayoutStack, Boolean, Boolean)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="313c6727-c18d-a9a3-5fb5-e592eb5e4516.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bf366167-8d6e-e2e1-4c09-9b48b2c284e1.md">OnSelectedIndexChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the SelectedIndexChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0493ef13-8c03-5b4b-aca9-9ed23ff0e858.md">OnToolTipNeeded</a></td>
<td>Raises the ToolTipNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cd66ae07-1b4e-c65d-aa76-f5292424a1a5.md">OnTrackingImage</a></td>
<td>Raises the SelectedIndexChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="44e4c671-1ccf-7f09-5383-e8605090d4a7.md">ProcessShortcut</a></td>
<td>Test for the provided shortcut and perform relevant action if a match is found.<br />(Overrides <a href="1290fb0d-f07b-010e-f79d-c7e1a108ac56.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase.ProcessShortcut(Keys)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="46907c04-f166-ac3c-11f3-65f5be172eef.md">ResetToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipValues property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f1299601-be45-9ca6-455d-54b8344db330.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a description of the instance.<br />(Overrides Component.ToString())</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="5a3a0f12-c381-81aa-b9f2-3cd92cbe4fc2.md">Click</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the SelectedIndex property changes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5f9b6f70-f6ff-e88d-acfd-f88d1130586b.md">PropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when a property has changed value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bb8aa888-a36c-586e-6eb5-b8097408d90d.md">SelectedIndexChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the SelectedIndex property changes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19756262-2a00-26bd-456c-0f5ee895e24a.md">ToolTipNeeded</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the <a href="19269e57-f7e7-326d-c5b4-f602bf32208b.md">KryptonContextMenuItem</a> wants to display a tooltip.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="32805c4a-1840-5307-dfdd-f13d6dfefd8c.md">TrackingImage</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the user is tracking over a color.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
