# KryptonColorTable Class


Extend the ProfessionalColorTable with some Krypton specific properties.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonColorTable : ProfessionalColorTable
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonColorTable
	Inherits ProfessionalColorTable
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ProfessionalColorTable  →  KryptonColorTable</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Derived</strong></td><td><a href="93f9f7f7-ea48-5b7e-9528-fb137b4f4acc.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonColorTable2007</a><br /><a href="ffa6de22-06ff-d067-3f6b-c29e7db4b95f.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonColorTable2007BlackDarkMode</a><br /><a href="1ceb7e88-78df-a3d9-976d-4dfcbb5ce28c.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonColorTable2007BlueDarkMode</a><br /><a href="c9735769-1cfc-dc60-eb4e-6f8467136ee4.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonColorTable2007BlueLightMode</a><br /><a href="04ad1f9e-3e5d-c442-88f0-753b6ecdcb41.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonColorTable2007SilverDarkMode</a><br /><a href="cc0efab1-c652-2fd0-f070-ee948f7ac2dc.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonColorTable2007SilverLightMode</a><br /><a href="a27f011c-5903-a986-5392-34985f02981b.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonColorTable2010</a><br /><a href="dfdf8d85-5273-1bcd-1e53-930704603b62.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonColorTable2010BlackDarkMode</a><br /><a href="18df010b-785f-5699-16fd-06a0f770f335.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonColorTable2010BlueDarkMode</a><br /><a href="813b99ce-99cc-07f9-52e2-d040e746ff14.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonColorTable2010BlueLightMode</a><br /><a href="0a52afc7-d872-5621-7dc9-b0c63d93539a.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonColorTable2010SilverDarkMode</a><br /><a href="31de9330-c4a8-f6c9-9d47-3cb7c74f1d13.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonColorTable2010SilverLightMode</a><br /><a href="2191c9e0-d3d3-0bd5-e4b1-784d4090b585.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonColorTable2013</a><br /><a href="7ca5c002-d169-8f60-2328-501350d97540.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonColorTable365</a><br /><a href="b31be8b0-96c7-2fad-1e4f-6e9f9bb5e4d0.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonColorTable365BlackDarkMode</a><br /><a href="ec22cc00-2b28-ad5e-f157-75b241a0c4ab.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonColorTable365BlueDarkMode</a><br /><a href="a7468330-d55e-d2de-7be6-11059d371db7.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonColorTable365BlueLightMode</a><br /><a href="dabf1aac-6d69-7106-2a59-03bb4280f9fc.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonColorTable365SilverDarkMode</a><br /><a href="e28fddc0-dcfb-bcc9-f6e8-d8101b434d5b.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonColorTable365SilverLightMode</a><br /><a href="327986f0-d030-03bf-62a7-75345c858c63.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonColorTableMicrosoft365</a><br /><a href="1c4f4a36-6679-53b1-6c36-cc4b5c2600b9.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonColorTableSparkle</a><br /><a href="56a9dba8-0658-67d4-0576-c431e978700a.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonColorTableVisualStudio</a><br /><a href="647f7ec2-291e-4be4-2c4e-01b039ba5b47.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonInternalKCT</a><br /><a href="32c7bb99-2f26-c043-c2d4-0374b9304fa7.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonVisualStudio2010With2007ColorTable</a><br /><a href="710128da-faf9-e15e-e4ff-d0e0a2d54b81.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonVisualStudio2010With2010ColorTable</a><br /><a href="d4f9db08-7842-32bb-e078-e6dbcacb01e8.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonVisualStudio2010With2013ColorTable</a><br /><a href="6ded0176-68c4-4f39-2386-77172b4985ae.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonVisualStudio2010WithMicrosoft365ColorTable</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="8a093683-54f3-38a1-7c72-737546f2d83f.md">KryptonColorTable</a></td>
<td>Creates a new instance of the KryptonColorTable class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>ButtonCheckedGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used when the button is checked.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonCheckedGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used when the button is checked.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonCheckedGradientMiddle</td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used when the button is checked.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonCheckedHighlight</td>
<td>Gets the solid color used when the button is checked.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonCheckedHighlightBorder</td>
<td>Gets the border color to use with ButtonCheckedHighlight.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonPressedBorder</td>
<td>Gets the border color to use with the ButtonPressedGradientBegin, ButtonPressedGradientMiddle, and ButtonPressedGradientEnd colors.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonPressedGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used when the button is pressed.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonPressedGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used when the button is pressed.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonPressedGradientMiddle</td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used when the button is pressed.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonPressedHighlight</td>
<td>Gets the solid color used when the button is pressed.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonPressedHighlightBorder</td>
<td>Gets the border color to use with ButtonPressedHighlight.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonSelectedBorder</td>
<td>Gets the border color to use with the ButtonSelectedGradientBegin, ButtonSelectedGradientMiddle, and ButtonSelectedGradientEnd colors.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonSelectedGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used when the button is selected.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonSelectedGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used when the button is selected.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonSelectedGradientMiddle</td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used when the button is selected.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonSelectedHighlight</td>
<td>Gets the solid color used when the button is selected.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ButtonSelectedHighlightBorder</td>
<td>Gets the border color to use with ButtonSelectedHighlight.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CheckBackground</td>
<td>Gets the solid color to use when the button is checked and gradients are being used.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CheckPressedBackground</td>
<td>Gets the solid color to use when the button is checked and selected and gradients are being used.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CheckSelectedBackground</td>
<td>Gets the solid color to use when the button is checked and selected and gradients are being used.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GripDark</td>
<td>Gets the color to use for shadow effects on the grip (move handle).<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GripLight</td>
<td>Gets the color to use for highlight effects on the grip (move handle).<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageMarginGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageMarginGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageMarginGradientMiddle</td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageMarginRevealedGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu when an item is revealed.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageMarginRevealedGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu when an item is revealed.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImageMarginRevealedGradientMiddle</td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used in the image margin of a ToolStripDropDownMenu when an item is revealed.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MenuBorder</td>
<td>Gets the color that is the border color to use on a MenuStrip.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MenuItemBorder</td>
<td>Gets the border color to use with a ToolStripMenuItem.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MenuItemPressedGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MenuItemPressedGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MenuItemPressedGradientMiddle</td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used when a top-level ToolStripMenuItem is pressed.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MenuItemSelected</td>
<td>Gets the solid color to use when a ToolStripMenuItem other than the top-level ToolStripMenuItem is selected.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MenuItemSelectedGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used when the ToolStripMenuItem is selected.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MenuItemSelectedGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used when the ToolStripMenuItem is selected.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bf5ef5b1-9be2-555a-03e6-f3a4f8cbfdcc.md">MenuItemText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the menu items.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b6ef872c-406f-7471-482e-2ec54dce7743.md">MenuStripFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font used on the menu strip.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MenuStripGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the MenuStrip.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MenuStripGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the MenuStrip.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a1a476de-b35c-977c-1f23-fef0e03abc48.md">MenuStripText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the menu strip.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OverflowButtonGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OverflowButtonGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OverflowButtonGradientMiddle</td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used in the ToolStripOverflowButton.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5402a30e-107d-4479-d1f2-397262be6b24.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets the associated palette instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaftingContainerGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripContainer.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaftingContainerGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripContainer.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SeparatorDark</td>
<td>Gets the color to use to for shadow effects on the ToolStripSeparator.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SeparatorLight</td>
<td>Gets the color to use to for highlight effects on the ToolStripSeparator.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StatusStripBorder</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9ebed260-f09c-e4cb-fe1f-c316142558e7.md">StatusStripFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font used on the status strip.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StatusStripGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used on the StatusStrip.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>StatusStripGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used on the StatusStrip.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="01632758-e1ce-3543-6a11-29f340b923e5.md">StatusStripText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the status strip.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolStripBorder</td>
<td>Gets the border color to use on the bottom edge of the ToolStrip.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolStripContentPanelGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripContentPanel.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolStripContentPanelGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripContentPanel.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolStripDropDownBackground</td>
<td>Gets the solid background color of the ToolStripDropDown.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f4298298-46cc-e27b-a4cb-8add7f253083.md">ToolStripFont</a></td>
<td>Gets the font used on the tool strip.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolStripGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolStripGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolStripGradientMiddle</td>
<td>Gets the middle color of the gradient used in the ToolStrip background.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolStripPanelGradientBegin</td>
<td>Gets the starting color of the gradient used in the ToolStripPanel.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolStripPanelGradientEnd</td>
<td>Gets the end color of the gradient used in the ToolStripPanel.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="79d91581-1635-df06-699e-90c821c48509.md">ToolStripText</a></td>
<td>Gets the text color used on the tool strip.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="16893f9b-41f9-0398-61d5-ab2e1a31331c.md">UseRoundedEdges</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if rounded egdes are required.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseSystemColors</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use SystemColors rather than colors that match the current visual style.<br />(Inherited from ProfessionalColorTable)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
