# CloseButtonAction Class


Specifies the action to take when close button is fired.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Navigator (in Krypton.Navigator.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
[TypeConverterAttribute(typeof(CloseButtonActionConverter))]
public sealed class CloseButtonAction : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
<TypeConverterAttribute(GetType(CloseButtonActionConverter))>
Public NotInheritable Class CloseButtonAction
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  CloseButtonAction</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="a06fb679-e8dd-e04e-29c7-0372c8e90d43.md">HidePage</a></td>
<td>Specifies the current page be hidden.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3fa4bd23-eb08-1ca9-20c8-b7fb782e36ed.md">None</a></td>
<td>Specifies no action be taken.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="122c8b33-7c30-7176-4337-c600b2d51bb5.md">RemovePage</a></td>
<td>Specifies the current page be removed from the pages collection.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9eda8cd3-1c0a-b07e-640d-88331bec53cf.md">RemovePageAndDispose</a></td>
<td>Specifies the current page be removed from the pages collection and then disposed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6403f0f3-6949-6aef-4472-54403c348e44.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
