# KryptonLanguageManager Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="25bdcee7-6320-276d-ea69-89805aa63f86.md">Reset</a></td>
<td>Resets this instance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e80ba10c-c60d-3bc9-c6d3-4dfc3c151001.md">ResetColorStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the color strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ae77419f-81bb-9b18-2271-c751d3ceaa19.md">ResetCustomStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the custom strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="91d91721-7631-469f-4dfe-f81e584cf29e.md">ResetGeneralStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the general strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5fbfc1fb-0cc0-6652-5243-62e8eaab9b7e.md">ResetKryptonMiscellaneousThemeStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the krypton miscellaneous theme strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8c6ef1fd-c72c-63a7-1fcb-4b69f0265b18.md">ResetKryptonScrollBarStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the krypton scroll bar strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5ef84346-8dda-b1a7-929e-d51779d64acd.md">ResetPaletteModeStrings</a></td>
<td>Resets the palette mode strings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="dac09113-2984-9ef4-34e6-8be84cc38189.md">KryptonLanguageManager Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
