# Show(String, String, KryptonMessageBoxButtons, KryptonMessageBoxIcon, KryptonMessageBoxDefaultButton, MessageBoxOptions, String, HelpNavigator, Object, Nullable&lt;Boolean&gt;, Nullable&lt;Boolean&gt;, Nullable&lt;Boolean&gt;, String, KryptonCommand, Image, String, Nullable&lt;MessageBoxContentAreaType&gt;, KryptonCommand, ProcessStartInfo, Nullable&lt;LinkArea&gt;, Nullable&lt;ContentAlignment&gt;) Method


\[Missing &lt;summary&gt; documentation for "M:Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonMessageBox.Show(System.String,System.String,Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonMessageBoxButtons,Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonMessageBoxIcon,Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonMessageBoxDefaultButton,System.Windows.Forms.MessageBoxOptions,System.String,System.Windows.Forms.HelpNavigator,System.Object,System.Nullable{System.Boolean},System.Nullable{System.Boolean},System.Nullable{System.Boolean},System.String,Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonCommand,System.Drawing.Image,System.String,System.Nullable{Krypton.Toolkit.MessageBoxContentAreaType},Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonCommand,System.Diagnostics.ProcessStartInfo,System.Nullable{System.Windows.Forms.LinkArea},System.Nullable{System.Drawing.ContentAlignment})"\]



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public static DialogResult Show(
	string text,
	string caption,
	KryptonMessageBoxButtons? buttons,
	KryptonMessageBoxIcon? icon,
	KryptonMessageBoxDefaultButton? defaultButton,
	MessageBoxOptions options,
	string? helpFilePath,
	HelpNavigator navigator,
	Object? param,
	bool? showCtrlCopy = null,
	bool? showHelpButton = null,
	bool? showActionButton = null,
	string? actionButtonText = "",
	KryptonCommand? actionButtonCommand = null,
	Image? applicationImage = null,
	string? applicationPath = "",
	MessageBoxContentAreaType?? contentAreaType = null,
	KryptonCommand? linkAreaCommand = null,
	ProcessStartInfo? linkLaunchArgument = null,
	LinkArea? contentLinkArea = null,
	ContentAlignment? messageTextAlignment = 16
)
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Shared Function Show ( 
	text As String,
	caption As String,
	buttons As KryptonMessageBoxButtons,
	icon As KryptonMessageBoxIcon,
	defaultButton As KryptonMessageBoxDefaultButton,
	options As MessageBoxOptions,
	helpFilePath As String,
	navigator As HelpNavigator,
	param As Object,
	Optional showCtrlCopy As Boolean? = Nothing,
	Optional showHelpButton As Boolean? = Nothing,
	Optional showActionButton As Boolean? = Nothing,
	Optional actionButtonText As String = "",
	Optional actionButtonCommand As KryptonCommand = Nothing,
	Optional applicationImage As Image = Nothing,
	Optional applicationPath As String = "",
	Optional contentAreaType As MessageBoxContentAreaType? = Nothing,
	Optional linkAreaCommand As KryptonCommand = Nothing,
	Optional linkLaunchArgument As ProcessStartInfo = Nothing,
	Optional contentLinkArea As LinkArea? = Nothing,
	Optional messageTextAlignment As ContentAlignment? = 16
) As DialogResult
```



#### Parameters
<dl><dt>  String</dt><dd>The text to display in the message box.</dd><dt>  String</dt><dd>The text to display in the title bar of the message box. default="string.Empty"</dd><dt>  <a href="fb4b002a-36d8-4021-2af1-15c5951eb49d.md">KryptonMessageBoxButtons</a></dt><dd>One of the System.Windows.Forms.KryptonMessageBoxButtons values that specifies which buttons to display in the message box.</dd><dt>  <a href="66bd72a6-ea45-321a-e6b5-5c43b5f176f9.md">KryptonMessageBoxIcon</a></dt><dd>One of the KryptonMessageBoxIcon values that specifies which icon to display in the message box.</dd><dt>  <a href="1134684f-c237-9d6c-db3a-c050a7036d13.md">KryptonMessageBoxDefaultButton</a></dt><dd>One of the KryptonMessageBoxDefaultButton values that specifies the default button for the message box.</dd><dt>  MessageBoxOptions</dt><dd>One of the System.Windows.Forms.MessageBoxOptions values that specifies which display and association options will be used for the message box. You may pass in 0 if you wish to use the defaults.</dd><dt>  String</dt><dd>The path and name of the Help file to display when the user clicks the Help button.</dd><dt>  HelpNavigator</dt><dd>One of the System.Windows.Forms.HelpNavigator values.</dd><dt>  Object</dt><dd>The numeric ID of the Help topic to display when the user clicks the Help button.</dd><dt>  Nullable(Boolean)  (Optional)</dt><dd>Show extraText in title. If null(default) then only when Warning or Error icon is used.</dd><dt>  Nullable(Boolean)  (Optional)</dt><dd>Displays a 'Help' button, as seen in .NET 6 and higher.</dd><dt>  Nullable(Boolean)  (Optional)</dt><dd>Shows the optional action button.</dd><dt>  String  (Optional)</dt><dd>The action button text.</dd><dt>  <a href="405c9190-9a07-407c-9d40-1510447ccef6.md">KryptonCommand</a>  (Optional)</dt><dd>The <a href="405c9190-9a07-407c-9d40-1510447ccef6.md">KryptonCommand</a> attached to the action button.</dd><dt>  Image  (Optional)</dt><dd>The image of the application.</dd><dt>  String  (Optional)</dt><dd>The application path. To be used in conjunction with Application type.</dd><dt>  Nullable(<a href="b2a29b58-2a96-87a9-9557-4ba0f4846987.md">MessageBoxContentAreaType</a>)  (Optional)</dt><dd>Specifies the MessageBoxContentAreaType.</dd><dt>  <a href="405c9190-9a07-407c-9d40-1510447ccef6.md">KryptonCommand</a>  (Optional)</dt><dd>Specifies a KryptonCommand if using the LinkLabel type.</dd><dt>  ProcessStartInfo  (Optional)</dt><dd>Specifies the ProcessStartInfo if a <em>linkAreaCommand</em></dd><dt>  Nullable(LinkArea)  (Optional)</dt><dd>Specifies the area within the <a href="4658dacc-0d47-1844-78c6-3bbeca5c9472.md">KryptonLinkWrapLabel</a> to be regarded as a link. See LinkArea.</dd><dt>  Nullable(ContentAlignment)  (Optional)</dt><dd>Specifies how the message text should be aligned. See ContentAlignment for supported values.</dd></dl>

#### Return Value
DialogResult  
One of the System.Windows.Forms.DialogResult values.

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="91445eb1-464a-49a5-e559-d80646463d44.md">KryptonMessageBox Class</a>  
<a href="1653c5e3-01a9-8a7c-ce51-86ca8589cd37.md">Show Overload</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
