# KryptonNavigatorControlCollection Class


Represents a collection of child controls for the navigator.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Navigator (in Krypton.Navigator.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonNavigatorControlCollection : KryptonControlCollection
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonNavigatorControlCollection
	Inherits KryptonControlCollection
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ArrangedElementCollection  →  Control.ControlCollection  →  <a href="fb2e5ffe-1a11-fd28-e6d2-c706cc0cdf14.md">KryptonControlCollection</a>  →  KryptonNavigatorControlCollection</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="15447bf6-db3d-3bac-d4fd-d52f89c72686.md">KryptonNavigatorControlCollection</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonNavigatorControlCollection class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>Count</td>
<td>Gets the number of elements in the collection.<br />(Inherited from ArrangedElementCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsReadOnly</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the collection is read-only.<br />(Inherited from ArrangedElementCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Item(Int32)</td>
<td>Indicates the Control at the specified indexed location in the collection.<br />(Inherited from Control.ControlCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Item(String)</td>
<td>Indicates a Control with the specified key in the collection.<br />(Inherited from Control.ControlCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Owner</td>
<td>Gets the control that owns this Control.ControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from Control.ControlCollection)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="acfff230-f860-07e3-0a4b-1ae3a449e19a.md">Add</a></td>
<td>Adds the specified control to the control collection.<br />(Overrides Control.ControlCollection.Add(Control))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AddRange</td>
<td>Adds an array of control objects to the collection.<br />(Inherited from Control.ControlCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Clear</td>
<td>Removes all controls from the collection.<br />(Inherited from Control.ControlCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Contains</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified control is a member of the collection.<br />(Inherited from Control.ControlCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsKey</td>
<td>Determines whether the Control.ControlCollection contains an item with the specified key.<br />(Inherited from Control.ControlCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CopyTo</td>
<td>Copies the entire contents of this collection to a compatible one-dimensional Array, starting at the specified index of the target array.<br />(Inherited from ArrangedElementCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether two ArrangedElementCollection instances are equal.<br />(Inherited from ArrangedElementCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Find</td>
<td>Searches for controls by their Name property and builds an array of all the controls that match.<br />(Inherited from Control.ControlCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildIndex(Control)</td>
<td>Retrieves the index of the specified child control within the control collection.<br />(Inherited from Control.ControlCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildIndex(Control, Boolean)</td>
<td>Retrieves the index of the specified child control within the control collection, and optionally raises an exception if the specified control is not within the control collection.<br />(Inherited from Control.ControlCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetEnumerator</td>
<td>Retrieves a reference to an enumerator object that is used to iterate over a Control.ControlCollection.<br />(Inherited from Control.ControlCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for this instance.<br />(Inherited from ArrangedElementCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IndexOf</td>
<td>Retrieves the index of the specified control in the control collection.<br />(Inherited from Control.ControlCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IndexOfKey</td>
<td>Retrieves the index of the first occurrence of the specified item within the collection.<br />(Inherited from Control.ControlCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Remove</td>
<td>Removes the specified control from the control collection.<br />(Inherited from Control.ControlCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RemoveAt</td>
<td>Removes a control from the control collection at the specified indexed location.<br />(Inherited from Control.ControlCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RemoveByKey</td>
<td>Removes the child control with the specified key.<br />(Inherited from Control.ControlCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetChildIndex</td>
<td>Sets the index of the specified child control in the collection to the specified index value.<br />(Inherited from Control.ControlCollection)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
