# NeedLayoutEventArgs Class


Details for need layout events.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class NeedLayoutEventArgs : EventArgs
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class NeedLayoutEventArgs
	Inherits EventArgs
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  EventArgs  →  NeedLayoutEventArgs</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Derived</strong></td><td><a href="4b09d93e-550c-4c90-af38-e4dc264c763f.md">Krypton.Toolkit.PaletteLayoutEventArgs</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="3c04b0c9-994d-de00-da3e-0143e4a358ce.md">NeedLayoutEventArgs(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the NeedLayoutEventArgs class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="815f389c-d47c-5a1c-4554-9c3d2b493b45.md">NeedLayoutEventArgs(Boolean, Rectangle)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the NeedLayoutEventArgs class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="e4da3172-6253-f25d-ff84-cfc1ad1f20e7.md">InvalidRect</a></td>
<td>Gets the rectangle to be invalidated.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="470564ef-09fa-1da1-75df-a0fce73b73f9.md">NeedLayout</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if the layout needs regenerating.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
