# PaletteNavigatorRedirect Class


Implement redirected storage for common navigator appearance.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Navigator (in Krypton.Navigator.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class PaletteNavigatorRedirect : PaletteDoubleMetricRedirect
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class PaletteNavigatorRedirect
	Inherits PaletteDoubleMetricRedirect
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>  →  <a href="3c99950a-cc84-287b-0860-b897032948db.md">PaletteDoubleRedirect</a>  →  <a href="b79af171-58e8-a75e-5ebe-18f169ce59e8.md">PaletteDoubleMetricRedirect</a>  →  PaletteNavigatorRedirect</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="b555815a-52ea-f9a3-c09a-7f855f366c4c.md">PaletteNavigatorRedirect(KryptonNavigator, PaletteRedirect, NeedPaintHandler)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the PaletteNavigatorNormabled class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31003be0-7a9d-5662-f232-33be2d2625d0.md">PaletteNavigatorRedirect(KryptonNavigator, PaletteRedirect, PaletteRedirect, PaletteRedirect, PaletteRedirect, PaletteRedirect, PaletteRedirect, PaletteRedirect, PaletteRedirect, PaletteRedirect, PaletteRedirect, PaletteRedirect, PaletteRedirect, PaletteRedirect, PaletteRedirect, PaletteRedirect, PaletteRedirect, NeedPaintHandler)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the PaletteNavigatorNormabled class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="b4219c2a-3ba6-84f9-3a4c-e212a236b916.md">Back</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the background palette details.<br />(Overrides <a href="2b534a82-b122-d791-8524-6ff1459a0129.md">PaletteDoubleRedirect.Back</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd478fed-6c07-0df2-1589-fd543198e2e0.md">BackStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the back palette style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3c99950a-cc84-287b-0860-b897032948db.md">PaletteDoubleRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1206a0ec-7df1-e376-04eb-d1a29bce6891.md">Bar</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the bar appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0a28f87f-cd71-52bf-e726-2d2f224a1b6b.md">Border</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the border palette details.<br />(Overrides <a href="15853c59-ba0f-d5ea-37b3-9c81bbeb0df3.md">PaletteDoubleRedirect.Border</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9ff976f1-2541-1073-0463-14cec97d133a.md">BorderEdge</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the border edge appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e8102fbb-3a5e-2382-96d5-0ec8af3609f7.md">BorderStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the border palette style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3c99950a-cc84-287b-0860-b897032948db.md">PaletteDoubleRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cf710da4-10d3-083e-494a-27723d63f659.md">CheckButton</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the check button appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="16963ebf-3673-7f3e-80b3-ef6845b03474.md">HeaderGroup</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the header group appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2db9f6eb-056d-6c4f-78c5-d9e0f916b81c.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all values are default.<br />(Overrides <a href="b9436a2d-e915-4cfc-e1bc-b089d78824c4.md">PaletteDoubleRedirect.IsDefault</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8a44f4e5-dffb-a981-9971-96910242ea26.md">Metrics</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the metrics entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fe304dba-c437-c63f-21cb-a5864bddbdbc.md">MiniButton</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the outlook mini button appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="097a0f47-e60c-4bf7-802c-8391c6d8feff.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="879ca7f2-32c5-8581-44f2-c7aee6491db2.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a89a15b5-cc37-0051-be59-4b6e2dd21a29.md">OverflowButton</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the outlook overflow button appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="999755f4-b681-440e-e015-6ca6de9f38f6.md">Page</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the page appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="38fcbc6b-35f3-0c79-56f8-d71425239674.md">PaletteBack</a></td>
<td>Gets the background palette.<br />(Overrides <a href="928aec7e-b71b-432c-1cc9-e5b9fb15ffc2.md">PaletteDoubleRedirect.PaletteBack</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="34c5c878-d1f1-7a25-b0a6-4d2c775e98d6.md">PaletteBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets the border palette.<br />(Overrides <a href="e2a6ea2f-9a85-e7b8-4724-f37b4341df49.md">PaletteDoubleRedirect.PaletteBorder</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="93d26a57-c8a7-e760-8fbb-5986be7e2ce6.md">Panel</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the panel palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ca0dfddc-5a53-5004-c016-8ceff6755580.md">RedirectBorderEdge</a></td>
<td>Update the redirector for the border edge.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dbe0b27d-57f4-ee30-8da3-62181f1b3fc6.md">RedirectRibbonGeneral</a></td>
<td>Update the redirector for the ribbon general.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d9f59f3c-5156-b65c-23c4-5ef50c810abe.md">RibbonGeneral</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ribbon general appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d9193174-7827-9fcc-209a-648fae91a87b.md">RibbonTab</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ribbon tab appearance entries.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="68f09e39-b511-5dab-83e6-07809f76d6a9.md">Separator</a></td>
<td>Get access to the overrides for defining separator appearance.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dce568f9-a321-0a1c-423d-01ba79475dde.md">Tab</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the tab appearance entries.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4664306f-5c42-90f0-c883-cd8b2be2b175.md">GetMetricBool</a></td>
<td>Gets a boolean metric value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="b79af171-58e8-a75e-5ebe-18f169ce59e8.md">PaletteDoubleMetricRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1621fe96-c18e-c4cd-3af7-4de32e721265.md">GetMetricInt</a></td>
<td>Gets an integer metric value.<br />(Overrides <a href="8687d70a-cd03-cbb5-c253-8629d5f6796d.md">PaletteDoubleMetricRedirect.GetMetricInt(PaletteState, PaletteMetricInt)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b7f7c678-3627-ee1b-0f4a-3c08e565fa8f.md">GetMetricPadding</a></td>
<td>Gets a padding metric value.<br />(Overrides <a href="96bfbe8e-f86b-9efb-642e-5d299aa5a713.md">PaletteDoubleMetricRedirect.GetMetricPadding(PaletteState, PaletteMetricPadding)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4cb860be-3100-80b1-1727-0f1445e7deb3.md">GetRedirector</a></td>
<td>Gets the redirector instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3c99950a-cc84-287b-0860-b897032948db.md">PaletteDoubleRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c45b0800-c69b-1323-5687-fd538edc5f6a.md">OnNeedPaint(Object, Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Handle a change event from palette source.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3c99950a-cc84-287b-0860-b897032948db.md">PaletteDoubleRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint(Object, NeedLayoutEventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e5f0c5ae-0311-06a8-89a1-490c04933ce2.md">PopulateFromBase</a></td>
<td>Populate values from the base palette.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3c99950a-cc84-287b-0860-b897032948db.md">PaletteDoubleRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aa743f6c-9c3e-c65d-804b-aafd6f8b1c15.md">SetRedirector</a></td>
<td>Update the redirector with new reference.<br />(Inherited from <a href="b79af171-58e8-a75e-5ebe-18f169ce59e8.md">PaletteDoubleMetricRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e73a78ab-b8a2-9e45-c75a-a838d4374bc1.md">SetStyles(InputControlStyle)</a></td>
<td>Update the palette styles to the input control style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3c99950a-cc84-287b-0860-b897032948db.md">PaletteDoubleRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="95cc5ce9-97c5-4f76-1d18-88eafe81839d.md">SetStyles(SeparatorStyle)</a></td>
<td>Update the palette styles to the separator style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3c99950a-cc84-287b-0860-b897032948db.md">PaletteDoubleRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4d230a91-f6c5-d1ca-a702-a9d42fa7b12f.md">SetStyles(PaletteBackStyle, PaletteBorderStyle)</a></td>
<td>Update the palette styles to the separator style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3c99950a-cc84-287b-0860-b897032948db.md">PaletteDoubleRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
