# KryptonDataGridViewTextBoxColumn Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the mode by which the column automatically adjusts its width.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c883ba6b-37d1-aeb3-0b25-c2256500a683.md">CellTemplate</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the template used to model cell appearance.<br />(Overrides DataGridViewColumn.CellTemplate)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CellType</td>
<td>Gets the run-time type of the cell template.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContextMenuStrip</td>
<td>Gets or sets the shortcut menu for the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataGridView</td>
<td>Gets the DataGridView control associated with this element.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataPropertyName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the data source property or database column to which the DataGridViewColumn is bound.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="963e31be-520c-c4db-9a79-68272cc1b502.md">DefaultCellStyle</a></td>
<td>Make sure that when the style is set that the datagrid respects the values<br />(Overrides DataGridViewColumn.DefaultCellStyle)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultHeaderCellType</td>
<td>Gets or sets the run-time type of the default header cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Displayed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the band is currently displayed onscreen.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the display order of the column relative to the currently displayed columns.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DividerWidth</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width, in pixels, of the column divider.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FillWeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value that represents the width of the column when it is in fill mode relative to the widths of other fill-mode columns in the control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Frozen</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether a column will move when a user scrolls the DataGridView control horizontally.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasDefaultCellStyle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the DefaultCellStyle property has been set.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HeaderCell</td>
<td>Gets or sets the DataGridViewColumnHeaderCell that represents the column header.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HeaderCellCore</td>
<td>Gets or sets the header cell of the DataGridViewBand.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HeaderText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the caption text on the column's header cell.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="040bedbd-54c5-e613-cb1e-44ed23090eb9.md">IconSpecs</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of the icon specifications.<br />(Inherited from <a href="21f6015d-1ab5-4482-8193-6cf4882c3abf.md">KryptonDataGridViewIconColumn</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Index</td>
<td>Gets the relative position of the band within the DataGridView control.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InheritedAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Gets the sizing mode in effect for the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InheritedStyle</td>
<td>Gets the cell style currently applied to the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDataBound</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the column is bound to a data source.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsRow</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the band represents a row.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cb347a9e-002f-a651-1790-c26044cc60dc.md">MaxInputLength</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the maximum number of characters that can be entered into the text box.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumWidth</td>
<td>Gets or sets the minimum width, in pixels, of the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="95ed4699-3ad5-e135-a791-e460fd603063.md">Multiline</a></td>
<td>Replicates the Multiline property of the KryptonDataGridViewTextBoxCell cell type.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9a008303-436c-ff37-07e7-43db6ea4b7c5.md">MultilineStringEditor</a></td>
<td>Replicates the MultilineStringEditor property of the KryptonDataGridViewTextBoxCell cell type.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ReadOnly</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can edit the column's cells.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Resizable</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the column is resizable.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Selected</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the band is in a selected user interface (UI) state.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="18e862f0-ecce-8e7b-7133-a708b5885d77.md">SortMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the sort mode for the column.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>State</td>
<td>Gets the user interface (UI) state of the element.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewElement)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data to associate with the band.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewBand)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToolTipText</td>
<td>Gets or sets the text used for ToolTips.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ValueType</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data type of the values in the column's cells.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the column is visible.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the current width of the column.<br />(Inherited from DataGridViewColumn)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="69125ead-d46f-8275-1a1c-3892aadc6dd8.md">KryptonDataGridViewTextBoxColumn Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
