# ViewDrawEmptyContent Class


View element that draws empty content.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class ViewDrawEmptyContent : ViewDrawContent, 
	IContentValues
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class ViewDrawEmptyContent
	Inherits ViewDrawContent
	Implements IContentValues
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>  →  <a href="5fd2165a-8129-c3a0-963b-890d1eb48565.md">ViewLeaf</a>  →  <a href="295b6d58-8430-473c-df05-9ab6f30975ab.md">ViewDrawContent</a>  →  ViewDrawEmptyContent</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td><a href="a3b0103b-df64-4b03-a61f-11688b6e75bf.md">IContentValues</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="849fbef2-f531-2795-378e-a638346c6d84.md">ViewDrawEmptyContent</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the ViewDrawEmptyContent class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="8ca1086e-f2a1-e3aa-0550-e17de8d4d705.md">ClientHeight</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the height of the view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="adf2b0f9-71eb-d32c-2ec0-ac09568593fa.md">ClientLocation</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the location of the view inside the parent view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="26daf885-2412-02b5-dc52-e6e5f8121280.md">ClientRectangle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the rectangle bounding the client area.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="aab48de6-57c1-8040-9e53-80d7379b3269.md">ClientRectangleF</a></td>
<td><br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c7ce4247-0421-c87f-bef9-93ca9c8d0710.md">ClientSize</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the size of the view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8e43df91-01e4-3d85-b2c7-6f37025e7632.md">ClientWidth</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the width of the view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a0853610-b2de-7dec-2285-f2d884fc0231.md">Component</a></td>
<td>Gets the component associated with the element.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e17a3440-e225-4115-e627-4cb20be96a15.md">Count</a></td>
<td>Gets the number of views in collection.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5fd2165a-8129-c3a0-963b-890d1eb48565.md">ViewLeaf</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="45b74146-9308-269a-0625-9558884a95b2.md">DependantEnabledState</a></td>
<td>Get and set the view the enabled state of this view element is dependant on.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f67f00d8-71a8-60d8-724a-2df0f4d846d0.md">DrawContentOnComposition</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the composition value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="295b6d58-8430-473c-df05-9ab6f30975ab.md">ViewDrawContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1631dbf1-7432-b0c3-508a-cc76fd85b428.md">ElementState</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the visual state of the element.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ab081600-b6ff-5a6b-58b1-096a470ecd35.md">Enabled</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the enabled state of the element.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="026ae658-3cdc-1c85-8625-fc598f0183a8.md">FactorDpiX</a></td>
<td>Gets the DpiX of the view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0c4492bd-aee6-2147-f951-fcd5893011ed.md">FactorDpiY</a></td>
<td>Gets the DpiY of the view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="428afb96-cbad-d267-10d1-93533a7f9589.md">FixedState</a></td>
<td>Set a fixed state to override usual behavior and appearance<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e31f20f2-16e8-d31a-ac5b-967c04adc651.md">Glowing</a></td>
<td>Gets ans sets the glowing value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="295b6d58-8430-473c-df05-9ab6f30975ab.md">ViewDrawContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b8132097-e81f-af8f-9edb-3cb79ba26d45.md">IsDisposed</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if the view has been disposed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2051812a-d6aa-0b59-07f6-d0aaf5425a45.md">IsEnableDependant</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if view enabled state is dependent on another view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ae00d504-ee78-dc0c-547f-47ccf010c8f3.md">IsFixed</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if view is using a fixed state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1359c544-d62a-40dc-68ae-2cf918c7cb0c.md">IsReadOnly</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the collection is read-only.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e8826254-99fd-9a22-476f-ff2b0917f07c.md">Item</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the view at the specified index.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5fd2165a-8129-c3a0-963b-890d1eb48565.md">ViewLeaf</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8c0c18fc-2c53-4c1c-c120-964c3bc82e99.md">KeyController</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the associated key controller.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d5761a42-75a6-b244-b305-631dbf54d295.md">MouseController</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the associated mouse controller.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="040ac82d-f439-18f3-353c-57fc4e034513.md">Orientation</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the visual orientation.<br />(Inherited from <a href="295b6d58-8430-473c-df05-9ab6f30975ab.md">ViewDrawContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c732fcd5-3e0d-98cb-17df-e574d4733f53.md">OwningControl</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a reference to the control instance that contains this view element.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b34c2e84-eb23-0078-5656-e854d6f41638.md">Parent</a></td>
<td>Gets the parent view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="354d206d-5772-7294-dc86-25ae526ef09d.md">SourceController</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the associated source controller.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="97b91260-605d-f086-e86c-7ad32f06d42b.md">State</a></td>
<td>Gets the visual state taking into account the owning controls state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cc5760ca-4468-a50a-9185-0a092d965028.md">TestForFocusCues</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the use of focus cues for deciding if focus rects are allowed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="295b6d58-8430-473c-df05-9ab6f30975ab.md">ViewDrawContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c65ee87c-b919-758a-c546-483328776ad2.md">UseMnemonic</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the use of mnemonics.<br />(Inherited from <a href="295b6d58-8430-473c-df05-9ab6f30975ab.md">ViewDrawContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2b9632c6-460d-6ad6-868d-084ef300176e.md">Values</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the source for values.<br />(Inherited from <a href="295b6d58-8430-473c-df05-9ab6f30975ab.md">ViewDrawContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c6f3a2c1-5079-abb9-07ab-be74628e34be.md">Visible</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the enabled state of the element.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="2c26caba-1768-2e91-a1f4-bd1ca35a4476.md">Add</a></td>
<td>Append a view to the collection.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5fd2165a-8129-c3a0-963b-890d1eb48565.md">ViewLeaf</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="58948953-c8c7-7f40-f038-f01b7915f8c4.md">Clear</a></td>
<td>Remove all views from the collection.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5fd2165a-8129-c3a0-963b-890d1eb48565.md">ViewLeaf</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="07da82a4-8c30-f77f-1a25-29fcbbc3b028.md">ClearFixedState</a></td>
<td>Clear down the use of the fixed state<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0bdfc70d-89b2-4102-8ad8-80bbd2987528.md">Contains</a></td>
<td>Determines whether the collection contains the view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5fd2165a-8129-c3a0-963b-890d1eb48565.md">ViewLeaf</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c8ec1562-573d-1c80-e53d-9304ffff805b.md">ContainsRecurse</a></td>
<td>Determines whether any part of the view hierarchy is the specified view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5fd2165a-8129-c3a0-963b-890d1eb48565.md">ViewLeaf</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7ece6a3e-d55a-8b35-ee7d-468f8b165348.md">CopyTo</a></td>
<td>Copies views to specified array starting at particular index.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5fd2165a-8129-c3a0-963b-890d1eb48565.md">ViewLeaf</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="56e77af8-2279-414f-d419-9e0428f318da.md">Dispose()</a></td>
<td>Release managed and unmanaged resources.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ff02bc5d-5d46-3241-a171-9ccefd9ff9f9.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Clean up any resources being used.<br />(Inherited from <a href="295b6d58-8430-473c-df05-9ab6f30975ab.md">ViewDrawContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="95398135-79d1-2dcf-a20f-c6ff362ade91.md">DoubleClick</a></td>
<td>Left mouse button has been double clicked.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="126aff8b-bcf9-ef9b-d8b5-9f4b62399244.md">EvalTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Evaluate the need for drawing transparent areas.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5fd2165a-8129-c3a0-963b-890d1eb48565.md">ViewLeaf</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="906b1d4f-3979-9407-ae58-de235976e067.md">Finalize</a></td>
<td>Release resources.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fa2eff88-157f-82f0-361c-8adb76577c30.md">FindMouseController</a></td>
<td>Mouse has entered the view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="34da634a-458d-05e4-3ed2-3f78160024cb.md">GetEnumerator</a></td>
<td>Shallow enumerate forward over children of the element.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5fd2165a-8129-c3a0-963b-890d1eb48565.md">ViewLeaf</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d12181e3-8885-7438-40f3-29d26b175ad0.md">GetImage</a></td>
<td>Gets the content image.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="415451d5-3145-0981-dc41-19a30bab351d.md">GetImageTransparentColor</a></td>
<td>Gets the image color that should be transparent.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e74eaf68-d1cf-e4e1-313b-27d6f4f44074.md">GetLongText</a></td>
<td>Gets the content long text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="29e130b7-1ff8-991a-a747-68b576ebeeea.md">GetPalette</a></td>
<td>Gets the source palette used for drawing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="295b6d58-8430-473c-df05-9ab6f30975ab.md">ViewDrawContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="06b34f7d-8e04-acc9-150a-8cf9576739bb.md">GetPreferredSize</a></td>
<td>Discover the preferred size of the element.<br />(Overrides <a href="e3e93bd7-e9db-25c4-0916-040c7bf4dd80.md">ViewDrawContent.GetPreferredSize(ViewLayoutContext)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9365be2c-8983-4158-85d4-e74986d10acf.md">GetShortText</a></td>
<td>Gets the content short text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5cb28b55-86bb-f1da-3c6f-dfb902f2b452.md">GotFocus</a></td>
<td>Source control has got the focus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b570441f-14af-7be1-f6bc-fb850f27b8b8.md">ImageRectangle</a></td>
<td>Get a value indicating if the content image is being displayed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="295b6d58-8430-473c-df05-9ab6f30975ab.md">ViewDrawContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="52cf5801-9607-3062-6db0-bdc0ec40ec1c.md">IndexOf</a></td>
<td>Determines the index of the specified view in the collection.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5fd2165a-8129-c3a0-963b-890d1eb48565.md">ViewLeaf</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="df4199d6-4e1a-9d68-9c09-eb26cce11a51.md">Insert</a></td>
<td>Inserts a view to the collection at the specified index.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5fd2165a-8129-c3a0-963b-890d1eb48565.md">ViewLeaf</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2d94a2b9-341a-22da-1c15-b49c98d10bf2.md">IsImageDisplayed</a></td>
<td>Get a value indicating if the content image is being displayed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="295b6d58-8430-473c-df05-9ab6f30975ab.md">ViewDrawContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="375695e4-351a-d41e-2a9c-849557307230.md">KeyDown</a></td>
<td>Key has been pressed down.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b20e4dcf-0fd8-7bb5-03a8-0c77b0168719.md">KeyPress</a></td>
<td>Key has been pressed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0ee22a65-620c-6f78-ab66-7af58ee22bc3.md">KeyUp</a></td>
<td>Key has been released.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2d450454-6d24-05e4-85a7-22de83793c48.md">Layout</a></td>
<td>Perform a layout of the elements.<br />(Overrides <a href="d5458f9a-1c4b-cf32-9ac0-1044948b02f9.md">ViewDrawContent.Layout(ViewLayoutContext)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cf74dded-db72-bd8b-a55a-f8bb2dd5d0ec.md">LongTextRect</a></td>
<td>Gets the short text drawing rectangle.<br />(Inherited from <a href="295b6d58-8430-473c-df05-9ab6f30975ab.md">ViewDrawContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="70dabc71-fb88-4c6f-8428-7c3ef87e8351.md">LostFocus</a></td>
<td>Source control has lost the focus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f85042cd-bd95-bd0e-2bf4-46cdc723c1af.md">MouseDown</a></td>
<td>Mouse button has been pressed in the view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="38bba82f-9309-fc1b-1525-9f3f606bddfb.md">MouseEnter</a></td>
<td>Mouse has entered the view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3f0f21f8-e7fe-e45b-44b8-b5729b578e83.md">MouseLeave</a></td>
<td>Mouse has left the view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3891df9a-e10f-835d-bf0c-8e6d87e22df8.md">MouseMove</a></td>
<td>Mouse has moved inside the view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7ec191d5-ec44-9277-55cf-37ad06e7bfa4.md">MouseUp</a></td>
<td>Mouse button has been released in the view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="541f65eb-6e04-8b26-01fc-797722aa3d57.md">Recurse</a></td>
<td>Deep enumerate forward over children of the element.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5fd2165a-8129-c3a0-963b-890d1eb48565.md">ViewLeaf</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4e8c2e84-ee06-d84f-7a0d-3747c5ef58ce.md">Remove</a></td>
<td>Removes first occurrence of specified view.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5fd2165a-8129-c3a0-963b-890d1eb48565.md">ViewLeaf</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a3a8c671-5361-019b-d4dc-d709ee9c39af.md">RemoveAt</a></td>
<td>Removes the view at the specified index.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5fd2165a-8129-c3a0-963b-890d1eb48565.md">ViewLeaf</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9050963c-7ba7-bc6f-eebc-a419f7b5a2d8.md">Render</a></td>
<td>Perform a render of the elements.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5fd2165a-8129-c3a0-963b-890d1eb48565.md">ViewLeaf</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0d72a0f3-fa00-f3f2-5015-7242f2b1ed8d.md">RenderAfter</a></td>
<td>Perform rendering after child elements are rendered.<br />(Inherited from <a href="309ac2d8-bfc5-c1a7-ab6a-4f4cf86a1ba6.md">ViewBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f3129fb6-92d1-9326-a775-0ffdcc532db0.md">RenderBefore</a></td>
<td>Perform rendering before child elements are rendered.<br />(Overrides <a href="6c9e5877-23da-3e19-92f2-bb7ea61efe56.md">ViewDrawContent.RenderBefore(RenderContext)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b6b4c198-944b-69e8-81ec-6685179d3dae.md">Reverse</a></td>
<td>Shallow enumerate backwards over children of the element.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5fd2165a-8129-c3a0-963b-890d1eb48565.md">ViewLeaf</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="192d4d4f-cf3b-6532-11ed-81412da270cc.md">ReverseRecurse</a></td>
<td>Deep enumerate backwards over children of the element.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5fd2165a-8129-c3a0-963b-890d1eb48565.md">ViewLeaf</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="39a09b27-52dc-28f8-556e-6ecd5120179b.md">SetPalette</a></td>
<td>Update the source palette for drawing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="295b6d58-8430-473c-df05-9ab6f30975ab.md">ViewDrawContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ec145546-9483-c6c9-9508-ce309ea09323.md">ShortTextRect</a></td>
<td>Gets the short text drawing rectangle.<br />(Inherited from <a href="295b6d58-8430-473c-df05-9ab6f30975ab.md">ViewDrawContent</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2928eba5-bbe1-cac5-2bf0-35a2b4f402f0.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Obtains the String representation of this instance.<br />(Overrides <a href="8f7e96ac-137a-ba09-b5c5-e343445adf9b.md">ViewDrawContent.ToString()</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8ca99706-4e6f-8daf-a70d-426cd2254043.md">ViewFromPoint</a></td>
<td>Find the view that contains the specified point.<br />(Inherited from <a href="5fd2165a-8129-c3a0-963b-890d1eb48565.md">ViewLeaf</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
