# KryptonPrintDialog Class


Allows users to select a printer and choose which portions of the document to print. Note: Does not support UseExDialog



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonPrintDialog : CommonDialog
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonPrintDialog
	Inherits CommonDialog
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  CommonDialog  →  KryptonPrintDialog</td></tr>
</table>



## Remarks
The PrintDlgEx does not have a "Good" way of grabbing the controls after they have been created. So have decided to keep the code commented out (It works as a control, just not a Kryptonised one, and just needs to have false for the embedding) This may go into the extended toolkit as a "Full replacement" if it is deemed necessary.

## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="1aa9638c-58fe-bd2f-cb18-81088955bbc0.md">KryptonPrintDialog</a></td>
<td>Initializes a new instance of the KryptonPrintDialog class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="96fe2c07-19b8-7324-918e-7f85d44760c4.md">AllowCurrentPage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the Current Page option button is enabled.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6d2a816b-cf92-7594-dee0-0f34d8393f11.md">AllowPrintToFile</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the Print to file check box is enabled.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81a139fc-4a56-dccc-90af-8c26b429a43f.md">AllowSelection</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the From... To... Page option button is enabled.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4d9dd17e-7ca1-98b2-639a-a87cf07be16e.md">AllowSomePages</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the Pages option button is enabled.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the component can raise an event.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9e89fe43-7950-30b9-7ae3-7085e17ebe7b.md">Document</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating the PrintDocument used to obtain Drawing.Printing.PrinterSettings.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4233772c-dc30-e9e8-d298-71c30452beb1.md">Icon</a></td>
<td>Changes the default Icon to Developer set</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2114595a-0c4d-f219-de0f-d3826452f9cb.md">PrinterSettings</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the Drawing.Printing.PrinterSettings the dialog box will be modifying.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9d4552ae-a5e9-1065-da59-f94c5ce75f39.md">PrintToFile</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the Print to file check box is checked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c15cc975-cae4-0159-2fde-fe18ede71b78.md">ShowHelp</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the Help button is Displayed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b106f7d2-041c-7a16-1802-08813f1a4984.md">ShowIcon</a></td>
<td>Changes the default Icon to Developer set</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="14f9ce26-1931-a3e9-4e06-b216298f3068.md">ShowNetwork</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the Network button is Displayed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ISite of the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets an object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from CommonDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0dfe37a0-0ca7-107c-2da3-6fdc99dfb7de.md">Title</a></td>
<td>Changes the title of the common Print Dialog</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5ea50601-43bf-bcac-aefe-ad092c3007f9.md">HookProc</a></td>
<td>Defines the common dialog box hook procedure that is overridden to add specific functionality to a common dialog box.<br />(Overrides CommonDialog.HookProc(IntPtr, Int32, IntPtr, IntPtr))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHelpRequest</td>
<td>Raises the HelpRequest event.<br />(Inherited from CommonDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OwnerWndProc</td>
<td>Defines the owner window procedure that is overridden to add specific functionality to a common dialog box.<br />(Inherited from CommonDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f70ddad-49ba-7960-2909-7991272a4345.md">Reset</a></td>
<td>Resets all options, the last selected printer, and the page settings to their default values.<br />(Overrides CommonDialog.Reset())</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cd8f8610-7c0a-8032-2b61-16e9039c15d8.md">RunDialog</a></td>
<td><br />(Overrides CommonDialog.RunDialog(IntPtr))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowDialog()</td>
<td>Runs a common dialog box with a default owner.<br />(Inherited from CommonDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowDialog(IWin32Window)</td>
<td>Runs a common dialog box with the specified owner.<br />(Inherited from CommonDialog)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HelpRequest</td>
<td>Occurs when the user clicks the Help button on a common dialog box.<br />(Inherited from CommonDialog)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
