# LinkLabelController Class


Process mouse events for a link label control.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class LinkLabelController : GlobalId, 
	IMouseController, IKeyController, ISourceController
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class LinkLabelController
	Inherits GlobalId
	Implements IMouseController, IKeyController, ISourceController
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  LinkLabelController</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td><a href="00cec5df-54d2-7835-269f-671eeca41575.md">IKeyController</a>, <a href="09cde3c5-52ea-13ad-d51d-70156012cee1.md">IMouseController</a>, <a href="4e1fc1a2-292c-ab43-8865-2e2d287bad43.md">ISourceController</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="6a463afb-ad0b-630c-3f3d-526a716e2122.md">LinkLabelController</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the LinkLabelController class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="2944492a-8ae1-efd8-f641-5b6e38c1167c.md">Captured</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if mouse input is being captured.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f76faa80-9691-4c92-35ce-3103535f4c9f.md">IgnoreVisualFormLeftButtonDown</a></td>
<td>Should the left mouse down be ignored when present on a visual form border area.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fb77db33-65b5-6f4e-041d-11cab2cdb602.md">IsOnlyPressedWhenOver</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if the state is pressed only when over button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b2231c22-9ab1-1ed2-8e5a-f9c45e8369f8.md">IsOperating</a></td>
<td>Get a value indicating if the controller is operating</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="57823878-b30c-b4a4-b761-60fa2fc4caa3.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="adbcf29c-841b-71bc-f538-1e2e72ae716c.md">Target</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the associated target of the controller.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f1e7cd33-b3cb-9b92-41e1-ad4b8f72d946.md">DoubleClick</a></td>
<td>Left mouse button double click.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e1df5183-a722-9950-e2bc-e01b52ce9694.md">GotFocus</a></td>
<td>Source control has lost the focus.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="73f1f580-9046-dab9-9dec-30d137498c3e.md">KeyDown</a></td>
<td>Key has been pressed down.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a599d399-ce6b-d17b-68fe-169ee8231f42.md">KeyPress</a></td>
<td>Key has been pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0d7eba13-ef14-1a30-e9bc-9b5443aef549.md">KeyUp</a></td>
<td>Key has been released.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a87828bb-288c-bfad-371b-47eae6050bf8.md">LostFocus</a></td>
<td>Source control has lost the focus.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="be66ef2d-833c-f710-7fec-c4c9977c6a65.md">MouseDown</a></td>
<td>Mouse button has been pressed in the view.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cfb497da-4a7f-8dd5-36a0-55a1304d6743.md">MouseEnter</a></td>
<td>Mouse has entered the view.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5bfc6d08-fc7f-844d-e577-07a1426fa330.md">MouseLeave</a></td>
<td>Mouse has left the view.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a5d8915d-434b-bff7-a44b-3ec3665a1bf2.md">MouseMove</a></td>
<td>Mouse has moved inside the view.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8acc906f-2e78-cd3e-8b38-cc92b8ffccca.md">MouseUp</a></td>
<td>Mouse button has been released in the view.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76d380ad-23ea-c9cf-90f9-c3c7e5ea00ca.md">OnClick</a></td>
<td>Raises the Click event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="07768d6d-d1a3-979a-58c2-56e6ce2d2130.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="404920c7-8712-f52c-c1ec-7a68b174d97f.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="46ed16fe-c9d9-f5ae-3229-c063fee183f3.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dc547a5b-cf35-1737-2760-da9ff58eec95.md">Update</a></td>
<td>Set the correct visual state of the target.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b3b0cd3b-02c3-0585-7bdb-75cd1e96f0ec.md">UpdateTargetPalette</a></td>
<td>Update the palette to match the target state.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b9c54fa0-6c62-6d09-ab31-1ba772822a0a.md">UpdateTargetState(Control)</a></td>
<td>Set the correct visual state of the target.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4efee343-501a-6a90-c98d-481272a15cec.md">UpdateTargetState(Point)</a></td>
<td>Set the target with correct state and palette.</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="f6f519bd-a64e-2742-8f44-61bc4a1a98f8.md">Click</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse is used to left click the target.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
