# ToolStripControlHostFixed Events




## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>AvailableChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Available property changes.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BackColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the BackColor property changes.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the binding context has changed.<br />(Inherited from BindableComponent)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Click</td>
<td>Occurs when the ToolStripItem is clicked.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CommandCanExecuteChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the CanExecute(Object) status of the ICommand that's assigned to the Command property has changed.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CommandChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the assigned ICommand of the Command property has changed.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CommandParameterChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the CommandParameter property has changed.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayStyleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the DisplayStyle has changed.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleClick</td>
<td>Occurs when the item is double-clicked with the mouse.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragDrop</td>
<td>Occurs when the user drags an item and the user releases the mouse button, indicating that the item should be dropped into this item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when the user drags an item into the client area of this item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when the user drags an item and the mouse pointer is no longer over the client area of this item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DragOver</td>
<td>Occurs when the user drags an item over the client area of this item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EnabledChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Enabled property value has changed.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enter</td>
<td>Occurs when the hosted control is entered.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the ForeColor property value changes.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GiveFeedback</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GotFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the hosted control receives focus.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyDown</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is pressed and held down while the hosted control has focus.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyPress</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is pressed while the hosted control has focus.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>KeyUp</td>
<td>Occurs when a key is released while the hosted control has focus.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Leave</td>
<td>Occurs when the input focus leaves the hosted control.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LocationChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the location of a ToolStripItem is updated.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LostFocus</td>
<td>Occurs when the hosted control loses focus.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseDown</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the item and a mouse button is pressed.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseEnter</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer enters the item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseHover</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer hovers over the item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseLeave</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer leaves the item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseMove</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is moved over the item.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MouseUp</td>
<td>Occurs when the mouse pointer is over the item and a mouse button is released.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OwnerChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the Owner property changes.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Paint</td>
<td>Occurs when the item is redrawn.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryAccessibilityHelp</td>
<td>Occurs when an accessibility client application invokes help for the ToolStripItem.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>QueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Occurs during a drag-and-drop operation and allows the drag source to determine whether the drag-and-drop operation should be canceled.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the RightToLeft property value changes.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TextChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Text property changes.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validated</td>
<td>Occurs after the hosted control has been successfully validated.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Validating</td>
<td>Occurs while the hosted control is validating.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripControlHost)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>VisibleChanged</td>
<td>Occurs when the value of the Visible property changes.<br />(Inherited from ToolStripItem)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="0cd23d56-bfb4-3a42-73b7-e771587d20bc.md">ToolStripControlHostFixed Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
