# TrackBarController Class


Process mouse/keyboard/focus events for a track bar.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class TrackBarController : GlobalId, 
	IMouseController, IKeyController, ISourceController
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class TrackBarController
	Inherits GlobalId
	Implements IMouseController, IKeyController, ISourceController
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  TrackBarController</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td><a href="00cec5df-54d2-7835-269f-671eeca41575.md">IKeyController</a>, <a href="09cde3c5-52ea-13ad-d51d-70156012cee1.md">IMouseController</a>, <a href="4e1fc1a2-292c-ab43-8865-2e2d287bad43.md">ISourceController</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="fadec96f-c104-c9cc-c471-0b40f0509f36.md">TrackBarController</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the TrackBarController class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1e21ee9b-a7e5-7491-305c-71fac5aae529.md">IgnoreVisualFormLeftButtonDown</a></td>
<td>Should the left mouse down be ignored when present on a visual form border area.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9976121b-52d1-4346-eb97-552eeea23e8b.md">DoubleClick</a></td>
<td>Left mouse button double click.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9bb4c795-2849-2538-5415-4da261e19437.md">GotFocus</a></td>
<td>Source control has lost the focus.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6682ad43-dc98-90e7-7d14-2dcf7e3a1ab9.md">KeyDown</a></td>
<td>Key has been pressed down.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d02ae551-3ff7-afc3-828c-32c40088ddc4.md">KeyPress</a></td>
<td>Key has been pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b792fdb2-0387-e7eb-2355-4194ef79d9b2.md">KeyUp</a></td>
<td>Key has been released.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0e9b4c50-2992-d436-ccc8-7d23cc28e6ff.md">LostFocus</a></td>
<td>Source control has lost the focus.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e106af33-50f9-fa81-4bc5-1fa736e21397.md">MouseDown</a></td>
<td>Mouse button has been pressed in the view.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eab99a85-2aed-34d1-50a9-01d2c648040e.md">MouseEnter</a></td>
<td>Mouse has entered the view.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e7a3e66d-6e81-934d-bc5f-5fa52a2a1f1c.md">MouseLeave</a></td>
<td>Mouse has left the view.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cbc8cd82-0a29-3a14-0bd8-669a5b92b435.md">MouseMove</a></td>
<td>Mouse has moved inside the view.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e05410c3-3637-caf7-8303-9b1c856b9676.md">MouseUp</a></td>
<td>Mouse button has been released in the view.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
