# KryptonBreadCrumbItem Class


Krypton object used to represent nodes in a hierarchical bread crumb data structure.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonBreadCrumbItem : KryptonListItem
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonBreadCrumbItem
	Inherits KryptonListItem
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  MarshalByRefObject  →  Component  →  <a href="33541c9a-6117-f59c-b8b8-6a1804a64d9c.md">KryptonListItem</a>  →  KryptonBreadCrumbItem</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="30aa0ea2-0f66-9ab0-3334-61b06fb6c9b3.md">KryptonBreadCrumbItem()</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonBreadCrumbItem class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2717a91f-e476-0fa1-e10e-0003aa5690fc.md">KryptonBreadCrumbItem(String)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonBreadCrumbItem class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a6fe4b0a-0149-dfa2-7ae0-91f88d389016.md">KryptonBreadCrumbItem(String, String)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonBreadCrumbItem class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e624d4a2-b8d8-8692-ccdd-2cad58f7a62d.md">KryptonBreadCrumbItem(String, String, Image)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonBreadCrumbItem class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e4255e57-70ed-ce36-be61-4dca0483fadf.md">KryptonBreadCrumbItem(String, String, Image, Color)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonBreadCrumbItem class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the component can raise an event.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d7c5ed86-a1fb-6260-d277-6355a9136d1e.md">Image</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the image.<br />(Inherited from <a href="33541c9a-6117-f59c-b8b8-6a1804a64d9c.md">KryptonListItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="616cf105-4c43-a81e-64a2-01e2cadd8b4c.md">ImageTransparentColor</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the image transparent color.<br />(Inherited from <a href="33541c9a-6117-f59c-b8b8-6a1804a64d9c.md">KryptonListItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9d6bc6a8-1e76-643d-693c-3731761a9e79.md">Items</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the collection of child items.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9b68f298-200e-dfea-7eb5-6445b1788f75.md">LongText</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the long text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="33541c9a-6117-f59c-b8b8-6a1804a64d9c.md">KryptonListItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cc1cccb3-7c6a-8f9d-42dd-2a5b3b9e725d.md">Parent</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the Parent item in the hierarchy.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ccb56980-5664-e2a4-5215-90f794cd8e53.md">ShortText</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the short text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="33541c9a-6117-f59c-b8b8-6a1804a64d9c.md">KryptonListItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the ISite of the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e847fbbc-44a4-02dd-9249-4db97f4d2383.md">Tag</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets user-defined data associated with the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="33541c9a-6117-f59c-b8b8-6a1804a64d9c.md">KryptonListItem</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="54e80074-fd39-95ef-456c-74067b4d36d1.md">GetImage</a></td>
<td>Gets the content image.<br />(Inherited from <a href="33541c9a-6117-f59c-b8b8-6a1804a64d9c.md">KryptonListItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fa150f7f-4856-2840-e6e3-9c4969cfc7d6.md">GetImageTransparentColor</a></td>
<td>Gets the image color that should be transparent.<br />(Inherited from <a href="33541c9a-6117-f59c-b8b8-6a1804a64d9c.md">KryptonListItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="90d6b708-ed2f-f9cc-62af-2a0a2c2c9925.md">GetLongText</a></td>
<td>Gets the content long text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="33541c9a-6117-f59c-b8b8-6a1804a64d9c.md">KryptonListItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c16b36f0-94b5-3273-9847-424b2f91c19d.md">GetShortText</a></td>
<td>Gets the content short text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="33541c9a-6117-f59c-b8b8-6a1804a64d9c.md">KryptonListItem</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d6a9e2f8-4e9d-016c-1f44-61272b0123df.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.<br />(Overrides <a href="93cf43de-c18a-bcd4-88db-7bed16b71e63.md">KryptonListItem.OnPropertyChanged(PropertyChangedEventArgs)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e71d9b7c-28fa-7c50-1ea8-666f76a7897e.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Gets the string representation of the object.<br />(Overrides <a href="8ba0adb8-1240-8ff5-8fe7-09f61912073f.md">KryptonListItem.ToString()</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td>Disposed</td>
<td>Occurs when the component is disposed by a call to the Dispose() method.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="120d3467-d20f-988e-1b37-266721a28271.md">PropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when a property has changed value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="33541c9a-6117-f59c-b8b8-6a1804a64d9c.md">KryptonListItem</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
