# KryptonDataGridViewMaskedTextBoxEditingControl Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4c57560e-326b-4bd5-0a4b-a021ac91fe43.md">AllowButtonSpecToolTipPriority</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if button spec tooltips should remove the parent tooltip.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0a27939-d9b5-f9d6-1412-4b16147ac6b1.md">AllowButtonSpecToolTips</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if tooltips should be Displayed for button specs.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can accept data that the user drags onto it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b29f6d87-4afe-7249-d472-906d54b3003a.md">AllowPromptAsInput</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether PromptChar can be entered as valid data by the user.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a0922e74-67ca-79cf-cebb-412ce88957cf.md">AlwaysActive</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets Determines if the control is always active or only when the mouse is over the control or has focus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Anchor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the edges of the container to which a control is bound and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3cddd5d7-58ac-74cb-5752-08d5e43ddb08.md">AsciiOnly</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the MaskedTextBox control accepts characters outside of the ASCII character set.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8aa66ef6-6c7b-1400-79eb-43b9209a86a7.md">BackColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background color for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1cb9b3f1-d625-1f75-6f48-9cd33918e4c4.md">BackgroundImage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fbcec284-5d61-c094-4119-30a008179f8c.md">BackgroundImageLayout</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image layout.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f0d24cdf-82b9-f4f2-4853-12778cfe75a4.md">BeepOnError</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the masked text box control raises the system beep for each user key stroke that it rejects.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="29eb2814-0072-9aca-3924-31a23d82d2a1.md">ButtonSpecs</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of button specifications.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="653653ea-6d92-31d5-75cb-22362fcc6e88.md">ContainedControl</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the contained input control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="01f610e7-32fc-6c87-fd28-4689800644b5.md">ContextMenuStrip</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the associated context menu strip.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Controls</td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="03308005-037b-a6e8-2aaf-915417eb28e3.md">CornerRoundingRadius</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the corner rounding radius.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateParams</td>
<td>Gets the required creation parameters when the control handle is created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="469f8833-c798-10b0-e805-306d3f5a7007.md">Culture</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the culture information associated with the masked text box.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fad16fc9-3b19-fde0-d3cc-f7ebb0ef6d4d.md">CutCopyMaskFormat</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value that determines whether literals and prompt characters are copied to the clipboard.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19adc46d-1310-1cc2-5710-5d11aeb73ceb.md">DefaultSize</a></td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e77c55a4-6f33-c226-e4b3-6f08534554d9.md">DisplayRectangle</a></td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the display area of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dock</td>
<td>Gets or sets which control borders are docked to its parent control and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="32dc044f-1b39-abae-4ed1-9d44cd0a4410.md">EditingControlDataGridView</a></td>
<td>Property which caches the grid that uses this editing control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e8282774-d06a-0a61-ff08-b1186563e388.md">EditingControlFormattedValue</a></td>
<td>Property which represents the current formatted value of the editing control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c179b1a7-39b9-e504-ab3c-3b8e12327f54.md">EditingControlRowIndex</a></td>
<td>Property which represents the row in which the editing control resides</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="59461944-7834-4ea9-99a5-e632350bbc13.md">EditingControlValueChanged</a></td>
<td>Property which indicates whether the value of the editing control has changed or not</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ed8fc36b-dc3d-b877-3574-b65f57821c78.md">EditingPanelCursor</a></td>
<td>Property which determines which cursor must be used for the editing panel, i.e. the parent of the editing control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f77f144-461b-e0c7-d404-e98cb632abe2.md">EvalInvokePaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to use Invoke to force a repaint.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="09c119be-01d4-76e3-5b14-8aa2998c1cb1.md">Focused</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3f2ee046-5172-5eee-5615-e794ee6d3084.md">Font</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the font of the text Displayed by the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8e897dc7-e77b-6657-c30b-610fa9a88423.md">ForeColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the foreground color for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dc3fe891-815c-570a-9dd1-c2b7c19eebd9.md">HidePromptOnLeave</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the prompt characters in the input mask are hidden when the masked text box loses focus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="beb49e65-8c33-805f-5e7c-90569425ab18.md">HideSelection</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating that the selection should be hidden when the edit control loses focus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8bcb54f2-fc44-3b2b-7c14-a142d5d6561d.md">Hint</a></td>
<td>Hint text placed into empty control<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9d5193b3-9934-8b06-a588-9ba437cd65ad.md">InputControlStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the input control style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0120dcf1-f00b-a151-3342-b4d48489c6c8.md">InsertKeyMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the text insertion mode of the masked text box control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a5f0323c-2567-45b1-7d24-e957bf3b7aef.md">IsOverwriteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets a value that specifies whether new user input overwrites existing input.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19e559e5-49d6-6837-1d3e-bd30310c9e4b.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the KryptonContextMenu to show when right clicked.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="09473b2e-745b-ea60-40a4-1a5bed0e6c4b.md">Mask</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the input mask to use at run time.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="18c3716d-4c1a-0c44-d950-189036d053cb.md">MaskCompleted</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether all required inputs have been entered into the input mask.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1757eff3-b101-9f11-ec28-f71d6f6022dd.md">MaskedTextBox</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the contained MaskedTextBox instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c3c11e67-7e15-8fa2-65aa-b58fee37d9ca.md">MaskedTextProvider</a></td>
<td>Gets a clone of the mask provider associated with this instance of the masked text box control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f9c55d56-6b54-7044-1572-076d314c7864.md">MaskFull</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether all required and optional inputs have been entered into the input mask.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the upper limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9a08ebd3-9f21-d8ee-808d-8dbad0a29878.md">MaxLength</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the maximum number of characters that can be entered into the edit control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the lower limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="11ee7b83-166b-6f70-6319-30e12943d069.md">Modified</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the contents have changed since last last.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e8e19cb-0b87-5a93-8dae-ba685ab768d3.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd0acfd2-24e3-79cc-4d0e-393dc3db77cf.md">NeedPaintPaletteDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint palette delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76de231e-1e7e-f794-8483-ddea441042ee.md">NeedTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if transparent paint is needed<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets padding within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0cd21a8-cecb-c891-532e-34ba62c82f21.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41c3411b-ffb0-095e-47b4-fc6ce7c5db17.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bb358ed2-606f-3ceb-2ad4-5b7bf6bc17a6.md">PasswordChar</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a the character to display for password input for single-line edit controls.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d5d59dd9-2dfd-5eed-ae8e-19f88a84fcd5.md">PromptChar</a></td>
<td>Indicates the character used as the placeholder.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1e34c140-e5d2-3b73-c129-f9d202369c56.md">ReadOnly</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the text in the edit control can be changed or not.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="177219af-8f43-9c87-623d-ff4ae2155849.md">Redirector</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the palette redirector.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="886f2fea-4f22-6ae6-2393-7651b7c89da5.md">RejectInputOnFirstFailure</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the parsing of user input should stop after the first invalid character is reached.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81eeb3c2-d939-1525-0987-b9cd7d94af7d.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6dc19493-9898-0dd4-8b01-6e795105b8ad.md">RepositionEditingControlOnValueChange</a></td>
<td>Property which indicates whether the editing control needs to be repositioned when its value changes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f81fdf6c-d2c0-cf7e-7fc0-cba83bfd46f3.md">ResetOnPrompt</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value that determines how an input character that matches the prompt character should be handled.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f85393d3-052e-9c3f-ef73-7724eedb540b.md">ResetOnSpace</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value that determines how a space input character should be handled.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7c60099c-6d2b-ef4c-fdd7-7b15b5e88fd0.md">SelectedText</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the selected text within the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8604f14c-8e81-0c47-598b-cc5b169f2a49.md">SelectionLength</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the selection length for the selected area.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="132118dd-36f3-96fd-fbc4-503c2bdf0709.md">SelectionStart</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the starting point of text selected in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3c68616c-b701-8e20-a9cb-74c0198387c1.md">ShortcutsEnabled</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether shortcuts defined for the control are enabled.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ccd1e8d6-74a2-5dfa-8370-55dd4a48f00d.md">SkipLiterals</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user is allowed to reenter literal values.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e431aae8-af4c-de60-4018-6cca8bee5a48.md">StateActive</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the active textbox appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cd91558e-9ac5-2294-f588-0e07e9b115b4.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common textbox appearance entries that other states can override.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="89511d6b-d847-a28f-7881-01af33463f11.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled textbox appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="da7e453d-9ac7-7973-266a-84f239f66724.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal textbox appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="df27a30c-62cb-741d-d0bf-9a6a57b7a3ec.md">TabStop</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the control is in the tab chain.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="45129521-791e-becd-f4be-d4ade1fc5c16.md">Text</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the text associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5e410c5d-ce1a-d2c1-57f7-62d70d8c357e.md">TextAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets how the text should be aligned for edit controls.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81655e31-4ad7-5575-0aa0-349415f061d5.md">TextLength</a></td>
<td>Gets the length of text in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d30a5429-f979-9372-3d2f-60be2ea76c3e.md">TextMaskFormat</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value that determines whether literals and prompt characters are included in the formatted string.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="61130e5f-13da-9127-34cf-192868d30ed7.md">ToolTipManager</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ToolTipManager used for displaying tool tips.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7bc15b0f-7b9c-1821-d705-0229ee9c0438.md">ToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the button content.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f51f7937-adcf-25ad-781c-3ae22623fe0d.md">TransparentParent</a></td>
<td>Gets the control reference that is the parent for transparent drawing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d2d388d8-4f39-526a-6ae8-b7c72c233c26.md">UseMnemonic</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether mnemonics will fire button spec buttons.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="89486e90-6d2f-d60d-f5c9-cb8a2a4d079c.md">UseSystemPasswordChar</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating if the text in the edit control should appear as the default password character.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="61bb3bd1-3a9b-f12e-f808-8540bbdd8594.md">ValidatingType</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the data type used to verify the data input by the user.<br />(Inherited from <a href="962786e1-b6f4-f78f-d562-d654213adaa6.md">KryptonMaskedTextBox</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="456849ff-f62a-aabf-5b8b-1a805e76e898.md">KryptonDataGridViewMaskedTextBoxEditingControl Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
