# KryptonDockingAutoHiddenGroup Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="05a881a4-99ca-0c4c-d6c1-51cfceb4b5c5.md">Append(KryptonPage)</a></td>
<td>Add a KryptonPage to the end of the auto hidden group.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bcd7edda-6312-2f59-f813-18fd20160486.md">Append(KryptonPage[])</a></td>
<td>Add the KryptonPage array to the end of the auto hidden group.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ffe400f8-9921-39a0-2653-95697435d8e3.md">Contains</a></td>
<td>Determines whether the collection contains the docking element.<br />(Inherited from <a href="b45217df-c31e-9df9-dd90-e39ac4e0ee6c.md">DockingElementClosedCollection</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bc35b465-87cc-0062-e5c4-3ed917473786.md">DemandDockingManager</a></td>
<td>Checks that this element has access to a docking manager, throwing exception if not.<br />(Inherited from <a href="c7e1effe-a990-657a-ec94-d84a8ce57b9a.md">DockingElement</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="36af17fb-6f03-8f71-b4f2-fe0a3e74111f.md">DemandPagesNotBePresent</a></td>
<td>Checks that the provided set of pages are not already present in the docking hierarchy.<br />(Inherited from <a href="c7e1effe-a990-657a-ec94-d84a8ce57b9a.md">DockingElement</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="877a2948-07c3-c721-7570-c0ff03547b12.md">FindDockingEdgeAutoHidden</a></td>
<td>Find a edge auto hidden element by searching the hierarchy.<br />(Inherited from <a href="c7e1effe-a990-657a-ec94-d84a8ce57b9a.md">DockingElement</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e4d4f610-e9bc-ea5d-1bea-7e1827e02778.md">FindDockingEdgeDocked</a></td>
<td>Find a edge docked element by searching the hierarchy.<br />(Inherited from <a href="c7e1effe-a990-657a-ec94-d84a8ce57b9a.md">DockingElement</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="93c463fd-954b-2534-5586-69c1a14f54ae.md">FindDockingFloating</a></td>
<td>Find a floating docking element by searching the hierarchy.<br />(Inherited from <a href="c7e1effe-a990-657a-ec94-d84a8ce57b9a.md">DockingElement</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1805b52e-423d-4aa6-254b-f011eb8d1506.md">FindDockingNavigator</a></td>
<td>Find a navigator element by searching the hierarchy.<br />(Inherited from <a href="c7e1effe-a990-657a-ec94-d84a8ce57b9a.md">DockingElement</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="855cc15b-a11a-10ca-a229-25314e633b02.md">FindDockingWorkspace</a></td>
<td>Find a workspace element by searching the hierarchy.<br />(Inherited from <a href="c7e1effe-a990-657a-ec94-d84a8ce57b9a.md">DockingElement</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d797dd17-5415-119d-7025-811661781813.md">FindPageElement</a></td>
<td>Find the docking element that contains the named page.<br />(Overrides <a href="0e763d98-5fd6-32ee-f0b9-5ac795b0958c.md">DockingElement.FindPageElement(String)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ea63422e-926e-5ebd-e582-07b4cefffbcb.md">FindPageLocation</a></td>
<td>Find the docking location of the named page.<br />(Overrides <a href="5e03f7e8-2f1f-9db9-4360-ac4b7da41513.md">DockingElement.FindPageLocation(String)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4dc14563-072f-8ae6-40b9-bf2bcc073dc1.md">FindStorePageElement</a></td>
<td>Find the docking element that contains the location specific store page for the named page.<br />(Overrides <a href="36051c85-6a56-8827-2b23-419582f99d73.md">DockingElement.FindStorePageElement(DockingLocation, String)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="37006165-807d-3baf-9647-35f462653f9b.md">GetEnumerator</a></td>
<td>Shallow enumerate over child docking elements.<br />(Inherited from <a href="b45217df-c31e-9df9-dd90-e39ac4e0ee6c.md">DockingElementClosedCollection</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="07122d7b-5629-fb54-2d5d-1809a5a92420.md">GetParentType</a></td>
<td>Search up the parent chain looking for the specified type of object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="c7e1effe-a990-657a-ec94-d84a8ce57b9a.md">DockingElement</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="116f3dee-52e9-7c4d-9b2d-17ab51e10f54.md">InternalAdd</a></td>
<td>Append a docking element to the collection.<br />(Inherited from <a href="b45217df-c31e-9df9-dd90-e39ac4e0ee6c.md">DockingElementClosedCollection</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b8ea2756-66fb-3eaa-c1a1-3ea445f772d4.md">InternalClear</a></td>
<td>Remove all docking elements from the collection.<br />(Inherited from <a href="b45217df-c31e-9df9-dd90-e39ac4e0ee6c.md">DockingElementClosedCollection</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3c60488d-7aa3-b3d1-4036-591af424a263.md">InternalInsert</a></td>
<td>Insert a docking element to the collection.<br />(Inherited from <a href="b45217df-c31e-9df9-dd90-e39ac4e0ee6c.md">DockingElementClosedCollection</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="33556c4e-f778-d3f7-dfc5-854685b7d9e1.md">InternalRemove</a></td>
<td>Removes first occurrence of specified docking element.<br />(Inherited from <a href="b45217df-c31e-9df9-dd90-e39ac4e0ee6c.md">DockingElementClosedCollection</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d79ae4d4-53c0-0a6d-de6d-462e911307d5.md">LoadChildDockingElement</a></td>
<td>Perform docking element specific actions for loading a child xml.<br />(Overrides <a href="dbda6a11-d4da-df9c-fe3c-593f7021556e.md">DockingElement.LoadChildDockingElement(XmlReader, KryptonPageCollection, IDockingElement)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d91f6831-33d8-140e-5214-6687834c7260.md">LoadDockingElement</a></td>
<td>Perform docking element specific actions based on the loading xml.<br />(Inherited from <a href="c7e1effe-a990-657a-ec94-d84a8ce57b9a.md">DockingElement</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d531ee54-8d11-ec2d-6847-7199685971fc.md">LoadElementFromXml</a></td>
<td>Loads docking configuration information using a provider xml reader.<br />(Overrides <a href="238ed6e8-fc69-56bc-e3f9-9085c1bda29f.md">DockingElement.LoadElementFromXml(XmlReader, KryptonPageCollection)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1bc940eb-4d85-7cd2-260d-f2ddadfe890e.md">OnPageClicked</a></td>
<td>Raises the PageClicked event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="063fe7b9-953e-6577-5bf6-56bd717bb4b5.md">OnPageHoverEnd</a></td>
<td>Raises the PageHoverEnd event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b6d68ecc-aa64-bd32-a870-176e078ec00b.md">OnPageHoverStart</a></td>
<td>Raises the PageHoverStart event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="233bb399-94d1-b1af-8f91-a7839557ef61.md">PropogateAction(DockingPropogateAction, Int32)</a></td>
<td>Propagates an action request down the hierarchy of docking elements.<br />(Inherited from <a href="c7e1effe-a990-657a-ec94-d84a8ce57b9a.md">DockingElement</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2426895c-76a2-6189-023e-b0d28eec8765.md">PropogateAction(DockingPropogateAction, KryptonPage[])</a></td>
<td>Propagates an action request down the hierarchy of docking elements.<br />(Overrides <a href="365a22a9-4486-d5f2-2b82-e803434e64b9.md">DockingElement.PropogateAction(DockingPropogateAction, KryptonPage[])</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="70379fcf-2410-b7e2-42f6-976ede6fede2.md">PropogateAction(DockingPropogateAction, String[])</a></td>
<td>Propagates an action request down the hierarchy of docking elements.<br />(Overrides <a href="54bacd22-812c-3085-58b4-fe12d897109d.md">DockingElement.PropogateAction(DockingPropogateAction, String[])</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="85de20e1-c95b-9f30-8524-877749f9396b.md">PropogateBoolState</a></td>
<td>Propagates a boolean state request down the hierarchy of docking elements.<br />(Overrides <a href="9779e111-51b2-3297-5fc6-5a95b990a64e.md">DockingElement.PropogateBoolState(DockingPropogateBoolState, String)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="68cd6c60-d657-f675-2dad-41500520fedc.md">PropogateCellList</a></td>
<td>Propagates a workspace cell list request down the hierarchy of docking elements.<br />(Inherited from <a href="c7e1effe-a990-657a-ec94-d84a8ce57b9a.md">DockingElement</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0dcd3898-8baf-cc6e-e85b-2501b5cd8927.md">PropogateDragTargets</a></td>
<td>Propagates a request for drag targets down the hierarchy of docking elements.<br />(Inherited from <a href="c7e1effe-a990-657a-ec94-d84a8ce57b9a.md">DockingElement</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8558d773-0258-3a91-e4aa-aeb6a126a75b.md">PropogateIntState</a></td>
<td>Propagates an integer state request down the hierarchy of docking elements.<br />(Inherited from <a href="c7e1effe-a990-657a-ec94-d84a8ce57b9a.md">DockingElement</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b895281f-b044-15d2-a7aa-82973ba9128f.md">PropogatePageList</a></td>
<td>Propagates a page list request down the hierarchy of docking elements.<br />(Overrides <a href="541ce7f0-80e7-8aad-71f2-216ee013922f.md">DockingElement.PropogatePageList(DockingPropogatePageList, KryptonPageCollection)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="060e62db-ab40-b28f-6843-acd0dde934cf.md">PropogatePageState</a></td>
<td>Propagates a page request down the hierarchy of docking elements.<br />(Overrides <a href="5a6bcf00-030b-2384-1161-625eb3f526e8.md">DockingElement.PropogatePageState(DockingPropogatePageState, String)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bc3639cf-97a9-aabe-2a96-32a376754454.md">ResolvePath</a></td>
<td>Resolve the provided path.<br />(Inherited from <a href="c7e1effe-a990-657a-ec94-d84a8ce57b9a.md">DockingElement</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4314bac0-43ff-7938-bcb5-c0122a403f64.md">SaveElementToXml</a></td>
<td>Saves docking configuration information using a provider xml writer.<br />(Overrides <a href="7fa55353-c741-aad5-232b-cf6627f38811.md">DockingElement.SaveElementToXml(XmlWriter)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b9a91c51-2621-f1ae-af56-020e0546ce1b.md">VisiblePages</a></td>
<td>Return an array of the visible pages that are inside the auto hidden group.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="25a33b82-534c-8a16-e110-8e936aee3352.md">KryptonDockingAutoHiddenGroup Class</a>  
<a href="98399376-cf41-9454-4b4d-4fab2ca20bc7.md">Krypton.Docking Namespace</a>  
