# PaletteRibbonRedirect Class


Implement storage for a ribbon palette.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Ribbon (in Krypton.Ribbon.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class PaletteRibbonRedirect : PaletteMetricRedirect
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class PaletteRibbonRedirect
	Inherits PaletteMetricRedirect
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>  →  <a href="3683d3c4-a2d8-a4a3-6024-7a3756ba0359.md">PaletteMetricRedirect</a>  →  PaletteRibbonRedirect</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="fa2e08bb-2ebb-c9e7-61a5-2e7449781c69.md">PaletteRibbonRedirect</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the PaletteDoubleRedirect class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="44d34439-8c15-0af4-5cad-4c3a7fb54d39.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all values are default.<br />(Overrides <a href="dfaebe5e-9c07-443d-0d54-0a0503c043ec.md">PaletteMetricRedirect.IsDefault</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="097a0f47-e60c-4bf7-802c-8391c6d8feff.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="879ca7f2-32c5-8581-44f2-c7aee6491db2.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5a6cd348-c95b-463c-9d1b-297a3ab2adcb.md">RibbonAppButton</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the application button palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fbe9e2c4-0f37-a165-7b33-cf77f9215c65.md">RibbonAppMenuDocs</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the application button menu recent docs palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0eb7968d-d1c4-4c43-12d3-76662dbba26d.md">RibbonAppMenuDocsEntry</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the application button menu recent documents entry.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="96b818db-b940-16ad-3a1b-9dc2330f3610.md">RibbonAppMenuDocsTitle</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the application button menu recent documents title.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6baae31f-9ebe-b719-6d86-df33c662975f.md">RibbonAppMenuInner</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the application button menu inner palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0530c9a5-63e5-34ce-a0c3-0b3964fb7505.md">RibbonAppMenuOuter</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the application button menu outer palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ddf1d352-17e6-814e-3f5c-c2b0951fc799.md">RibbonGeneral</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ribbon general palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e7624bd-fe48-3baa-5762-f49c89011b53.md">RibbonGroupBackArea</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ribbon group area palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1d50cb0f-f0f9-c74a-45fd-00265cff7dc0.md">RibbonGroupButtonText</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ribbon group button text palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1217faa7-10dd-92d6-22ad-c2be383d5780.md">RibbonGroupCheckBoxText</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ribbon group check box label palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="912c5e3f-2142-7aa9-f178-50ca6ea45649.md">RibbonGroupCollapsedBack</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ribbon group collapsed background palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c345c116-beeb-a088-7a55-db1cca5bdbac.md">RibbonGroupCollapsedBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ribbon group collapsed border palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="de0eab9d-a7f1-5b06-55b5-5abb6a03260a.md">RibbonGroupCollapsedFrameBack</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ribbon group collapsed frame background palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0c552465-e145-1aca-be35-65d3e93914d8.md">RibbonGroupCollapsedFrameBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ribbon group collapsed frame border palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="df2a55b8-36cd-0af2-4999-c5bfb267524a.md">RibbonGroupCollapsedText</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ribbon group collapsed text palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b8c4f93e-a9df-84f0-ce17-1aaeac3c733d.md">RibbonGroupLabelText</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ribbon group label text palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9ad5edb7-003d-d277-abf1-7079053bc1a9.md">RibbonGroupNormalBorder</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ribbon group normal border palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4faa5015-39b1-b662-be38-551e7cf18907.md">RibbonGroupNormalTitle</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ribbon group normal title palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="30e204d8-7494-1b6d-9904-f3474ed9159c.md">RibbonGroupRadioButtonText</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ribbon group radio button label palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b4b22677-26d3-e3d0-7196-9ab43434582e.md">RibbonImages</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ribbon images overrides.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a3839298-d750-8df0-fb58-a11667bbd671.md">RibbonQATFullbar</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ribbon quick access toolbar in full mode palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e65e4ade-7aad-7e32-0907-a02d4e865110.md">RibbonQATMinibarActive</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ribbon quick access toolbar in mini mode palette details when form active.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7b8b196c-5252-1cca-1d3c-efb27739cee0.md">RibbonQATMinibarInactive</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ribbon quick access toolbar in mini mode palette details when form inactive.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="91a8e567-691c-5c15-37a8-00364163fdaf.md">RibbonQATOverflow</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ribbon quick access toolbar overflow palette details.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fd80e345-f3fb-305a-a192-b295c93580cf.md">RibbonTab</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ribbon tab palette details.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ebe1e0a3-35a4-3eb9-df42-ff732d753a5b.md">GetMetricBool</a></td>
<td>Gets a boolean metric value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3683d3c4-a2d8-a4a3-6024-7a3756ba0359.md">PaletteMetricRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c0c441c7-5c4d-137b-0fbf-af629d9ee1dc.md">GetMetricInt</a></td>
<td>Gets an integer metric value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3683d3c4-a2d8-a4a3-6024-7a3756ba0359.md">PaletteMetricRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6aa43b60-ad93-0ac7-a36a-437a3961641e.md">GetMetricPadding</a></td>
<td>Gets a padding metric value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3683d3c4-a2d8-a4a3-6024-7a3756ba0359.md">PaletteMetricRedirect</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e6ba2629-ed1b-786f-040d-0f346328fffc.md">OnNeedPaint(Object, Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Handle a change event from palette source.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint(Object, NeedLayoutEventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9f3d4aa5-de10-5b34-9f10-d53a56500b5e.md">SetRedirector</a></td>
<td>Update the redirector with new reference.<br />(Overrides <a href="367c40ef-0f3e-6956-ff6f-ab82f363d658.md">PaletteMetricRedirect.SetRedirector(PaletteRedirect)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="1e9bc734-cff9-e9b8-f013-94cdac669794.md">Krypton.Ribbon Namespace</a>  
