# KryptonCheckedListBox.CheckedItemCollection Class


Encapsulates the collection of checked items, including items in an indeterminate state, in a KryptonCheckedListBox control.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class CheckedItemCollection : IList, 
	ICollection, IEnumerable
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class CheckedItemCollection
	Implements IList, ICollection, IEnumerable
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  KryptonCheckedListBox.CheckedItemCollection</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td>ICollection, IEnumerable, IList</td></tr>
</table>



## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="c17db030-deba-6d2a-c801-77642a0f4e52.md">Count</a></td>
<td>Gets the number of items in collection.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="611feb0f-885b-cf98-5ffa-308cda46faf1.md">IsReadOnly</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the collection is read-only.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="11ff0404-9397-2f95-b448-ad88400c88e3.md">Item</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the item at the specified index.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="d697d285-54ac-03f9-19ef-5a65fcffb015.md">Contains</a></td>
<td>Determines whether the collection contains the button spec.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5870a645-bb34-73c2-7aae-9f1443f87bd9.md">CopyTo</a></td>
<td>Copies all the elements of the current collection to the specified Array.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="445a900e-3655-3292-262e-de93fcda5f2b.md">GetEnumerator</a></td>
<td>Enumerate using non-generic interface.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ebd63c89-2669-ae7a-4469-ef7778e8acaa.md">IndexOf</a></td>
<td>Determines the index of the specified spec in the collection.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="da6bb449-8273-0087-ba7f-7e68003278b8.md">IndexOfIdentifier</a></td>
<td>Determines the index of the specified spec in the collection.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
