# KryptonContextMenuMonthCalendar Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="1a995616-5b88-53de-8232-53e53c8205f9.md">AddAnnuallyBoldedDate</a></td>
<td>Adds a day that is Displayed in bold on an annual basis in the month calendar.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3f542fd4-47dc-4b94-7ec2-465536958581.md">AddBoldedDate</a></td>
<td>Adds a day to be Displayed in bold in the month calendar.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="03b70269-65f3-0f39-cb78-c6a265dee31f.md">AddMonthlyBoldedDate</a></td>
<td>Adds a day that is Displayed in bold on a monthly basis in the month calendar.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose(Boolean)</td>
<td>Releases the unmanaged resources used by the Component and optionally releases the managed resources.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="286eb59b-19a9-fc38-eb99-1a95682bc6b5.md">GenerateView</a></td>
<td>Returns a view appropriate for this item based on the object it is inside.<br />(Overrides <a href="4ff50a92-e0d0-944c-4542-c1dfe1101a0b.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase.GenerateView(IContextMenuProvider, Object, ViewLayoutStack, Boolean, Boolean)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7e4805f7-cdcb-e6c3-c1d5-6e7d4917a347.md">OnDateChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises when the DateChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="313c6727-c18d-a9a3-5fb5-e592eb5e4516.md">OnPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2aa7beb6-ead4-7b41-622a-d923e8c713b2.md">OnSelectionEndChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises when the SelectionEndChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="96d40352-0676-42fc-b6b7-65825ae0ea95.md">OnSelectionStartChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises when the SelectionStartChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0493ef13-8c03-5b4b-aca9-9ed23ff0e858.md">OnToolTipNeeded</a></td>
<td>Raises the ToolTipNeeded event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a3beb753-de64-471a-8b48-8b5361ec47c5.md">ProcessShortcut</a></td>
<td>Test for the provided shortcut and perform relevant action if a match is found.<br />(Overrides <a href="1290fb0d-f07b-010e-f79d-c7e1a108ac56.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase.ProcessShortcut(Keys)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d440a9cd-c79f-0dff-26ad-b710538eae7f.md">RemoveAllAnnuallyBoldedDates</a></td>
<td>Removes all the annually bold dates.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3486ded7-b008-c067-aeb9-77f901916c91.md">RemoveAllBoldedDates</a></td>
<td>Removes all the nonrecurring bold dates.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f5fd0f75-487f-b1ba-df24-961a9dc1570e.md">RemoveAllMonthlyBoldedDates</a></td>
<td>Removes all the monthly bold dates.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="46907c04-f166-ac3c-11f3-65f5be172eef.md">ResetToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipValues property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="7d97c419-819b-74c1-360f-af4d4ae026d9.md">KryptonContextMenuItemBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="af572497-73cc-ea51-5804-97182e96b799.md">SetSelectionRange</a></td>
<td>Set the selection range.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2d4a84ba-ae13-c3ab-7dd0-2b427455e1be.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a description of the instance.<br />(Overrides Component.ToString())</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="21fa5974-9528-a21d-69c1-4f405fb466f5.md">KryptonContextMenuMonthCalendar Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
