# KryptonWorkspaceSequence Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="ccec4cd7-7a7e-15e0-da6a-87b788bafa1a.md">Compact</a></td>
<td>Perform any compacting actions allowed by the flags.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="70c55baa-e419-adad-9008-b03b77760b17.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Clean up any resources being used.<br />(Overrides Component.Dispose(Boolean))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="51949d14-7341-ee14-1b4a-4ccb44f36b93.md">Hide</a></td>
<td>Conceals the control from the user.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1f31aaab-0cbf-6931-ca6a-86911f88b96a.md">LoadFromXml</a></td>
<td>Request this sequence load and recreate children.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="73f24072-c8bb-355f-e29b-55b5051d0cce.md">OnChildrenMaximizeRestoreClicked</a></td>
<td>Handle a maximize/restore request from a child item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="09b64a2d-3474-8a9d-caba-13b47aeef4fd.md">OnChildrenPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Handle a change in the child collection of items.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d724a77c-024a-a00a-0180-821e0f22fa17.md">OnPropertyChanged(PropertyChangedEventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9b9c8159-7aae-2d2f-4504-edb87d83fe93.md">OnPropertyChanged(String)</a></td>
<td>Raises the PropertyChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eca2beed-a499-3738-5ff8-37cc15ba6c8c.md">ResetUniqueName</a></td>
<td>Resets the UniqueName property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8d01e6c7-d671-c40f-9a52-be4ca22528da.md">SaveToXml</a></td>
<td>Request this sequence save its information about children.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="69400a55-7e90-8d76-a314-6fb856d7dd58.md">Show</a></td>
<td>Displays the control to the user.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ceb57990-951b-32ba-b7ad-a2eec3860b9b.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Obtains the String representation of this instance.<br />(Overrides Component.ToString())</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="90e480eb-d307-0af5-d5f9-c0a4dc985388.md">KryptonWorkspaceSequence Class</a>  
<a href="0dbf488f-9676-a1e5-a949-1b4bcea03d52.md">Krypton.Workspace Namespace</a>  
