# KryptonDataGridViewDateTimePickerEditingControl Properties




## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityObject</td>
<td>Gets the AccessibleObject assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDefaultActionDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default action description of the control for use by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleDescription</td>
<td>Gets or sets the description of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleName</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control used by accessibility client applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibleRole</td>
<td>Gets or sets the accessible role of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b8a98dd9-ebbc-8277-4f55-df26d2c859d5.md">ActiveFragment</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the active fragment.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6848e71f-2af6-bfd0-8ccc-1a40674e869b.md">AllowButtonSpecToolTipPriority</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if button spec tooltips should remove the parent tooltip.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e7ab13d-0a3f-deb1-1b27-bbccae1b82d7.md">AllowButtonSpecToolTips</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets a value indicating if tooltips should be Displayed for button specs.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AllowDrop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can accept data that the user drags onto it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="78742631-5be0-59c9-c69b-2a1d949e184f.md">AlwaysActive</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets Determines if the control is always active or only when the mouse is over the control or has focus.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Anchor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the edges of the container to which a control is bound and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AutoScrollOffset</td>
<td>Gets or sets where this control is scrolled to in ScrollControlIntoView(Control).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1bfd6a5c-abf1-e59c-8ca7-b1fbbcc5c43b.md">AutoShift</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value determining if keyboard input will automatically shift to the next input field.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="898d2cb5-f469-cea1-2457-8c4149077a34.md">BackColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background color for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1cb9b3f1-d625-1f75-6f48-9cd33918e4c4.md">BackgroundImage</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fbcec284-5d61-c094-4119-30a008179f8c.md">BackgroundImageLayout</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the background image layout.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BindingContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the BindingContext for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bottom</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Bounds</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size and location of the control including its nonclient elements, in pixels, relative to the parent control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="03c1c370-2907-6713-136a-3103503ae0b4.md">ButtonSpecs</a></td>
<td>Gets the collection of button specifications.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c94ff5d4-70fb-9866-774e-06f0312e82a6.md">CalendarAnnuallyBoldedDates</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the array of DateTime objects that determines which annual days are Displayed in bold.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="46d0a07a-8ff6-ed7d-3b82-5f05a0b5101d.md">CalendarBoldedDates</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the array of DateTime objects that determines which nonrecurring dates are Displayed in bold.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c1db04df-f42f-3bbd-cbd9-ec4bc30f7ac4.md">CalendarCloseOnTodayClick</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if clicking the Today button closes the drop down menu.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a3a228de-cd97-f310-5ca6-f47709b4a88c.md">CalendarDayOfWeekStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the content style for the day of week labels.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e18a9f22-f8fc-0548-3fa3-a86fe690f874.md">CalendarDayStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the content style for the day entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="356fd8e0-4e54-7531-c5ce-db5f17820a19.md">CalendarDimensions</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the number of columns and rows of months Displayed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4e7f1394-f458-a0ec-874c-d1ad1e5acfb7.md">CalendarFirstDayOfWeek</a></td>
<td>First day of the week.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6b98b9fc-fdbe-71a3-8bc9-5f52fd390093.md">CalendarHeaderStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the header style for the month calendar.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="70fbe1c3-adbe-3e44-8e84-a2e2117c2988.md">CalendarMonthlyBoldedDates</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the array of DateTime objects that determine which monthly days to bold.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d74bab46-b164-6541-cbd5-7868557c89fe.md">CalendarShowToday</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the control will display todays date.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c97ff7d4-0a63-01d0-e5b6-2861cd52ac24.md">CalendarShowTodayCircle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if the control will circle the today date.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="06c988f3-f76f-dfa0-fdab-cf2003a4733e.md">CalendarShowWeekNumbers</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if week numbers to the left of each row.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="750c8b7e-4263-fc3b-07db-e1804bdd6516.md">CalendarTodayDate</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets today's date.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e3884cfb-291b-70f7-eb59-e571572208a3.md">CalendarTodayFormat</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the today date format string.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="35864709-9c84-1f3f-8a75-ce526cdf13b8.md">CalendarTodayText</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the label text for todays text.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanEnableIme</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the ImeMode property can be set to an active value, to enable IME support.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can receive focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanRaiseEvents</td>
<td>Determines if events can be raised on the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanSelect</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control can be selected.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Capture</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control has captured the mouse.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CausesValidation</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control causes validation to be performed on any controls that require validation when it receives focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eaf529b6-cb10-2974-cb2e-9eed5202e78d.md">Checked</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating if the check box is checked and if the ValueNullable is DBNull or a DateTime value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ClientSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CompanyName</td>
<td>Gets the name of the company or creator of the application containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Container</td>
<td>Gets the IContainer that contains the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ContainsFocus</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control, or one of its child controls, currently has the input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="762a4528-1f36-43c6-29a3-95a52c85f1e8.md">ContextMenuStrip</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the ContextMenuStrip associated with this control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Controls</td>
<td>Gets the collection of controls contained within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c0f10b6c-36d4-1379-8b4e-dd13091c04cc.md">CornerRoundingRadius</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the corner rounding radius.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Created</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateParams</td>
<td>Gets the required creation parameters when the control handle is created.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Cursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the cursor that is displayed when the mouse pointer is over the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d3aefa47-8520-1017-d938-e15d632a868b.md">CustomFormat</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom date/time format string.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd99aa20-e568-d121-82af-7d008218ed5b.md">CustomNullText</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the custom text to show when control is not checked.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataBindings</td>
<td>Gets the data bindings for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DataContext</td>
<td>Gets or sets the data context for the purpose of data binding. This is an ambient property.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets the default cursor for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultImeMode</td>
<td>Gets the default Input Method Editor (IME) mode supported by the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMargin</td>
<td>Gets the space, in pixels, that is specified by default between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default maximum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultMinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets the length and height, in pixels, that is specified as the default minimum size of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefaultPadding</td>
<td>Gets the internal spacing, in pixels, of the contents of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="306e9e01-b210-24b5-1fda-35ad7ca3ee20.md">DefaultSize</a></td>
<td>Gets the default size of the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DesignMode</td>
<td>Gets a value that indicates whether the Component is currently in design mode.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DeviceDpi</td>
<td>Gets the DPI value for the display device where the control is currently being displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DisplayRectangle</td>
<td>Gets the rectangle that represents the display area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Disposing</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the base Control class is in the process of disposing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dock</td>
<td>Gets or sets which control borders are docked to its parent control and determines how a control is resized with its parent.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoubleBuffered</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether this control should redraw its surface using a secondary buffer to reduce or prevent flicker.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="64857948-d91a-6e89-7072-837c5c8dd089.md">DropButtonStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the drop button style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d09b598b-0684-212d-0550-b1b677855006.md">DropDownAlign</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the alignment of the drop-down calendar on the DateTimePicker control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="994c6450-e15e-1f2f-95ac-793c7c1126c5.md">EditingControlDataGridView</a></td>
<td>Property which caches the grid that uses this editing control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76376dff-2a80-d7bb-ac6b-d12ae4150021.md">EditingControlFormattedValue</a></td>
<td>Property which represents the current formatted value of the editing control</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7bc9dc7f-2ab8-0102-e694-8c481c435d38.md">EditingControlRowIndex</a></td>
<td>Property which represents the row in which the editing control resides</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="757d919d-3b91-2870-db8f-7ad1dfb22ecf.md">EditingControlValueChanged</a></td>
<td>Property which indicates whether the value of the editing control has changed or not</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1646070b-56d7-1bae-cf22-962c0b875c41.md">EditingPanelCursor</a></td>
<td>Property which determines which cursor must be used for the editing panel, i.e. the parent of the editing control.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Enabled</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control can respond to user interaction.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f77f144-461b-e0c7-d404-e98cb632abe2.md">EvalInvokePaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to use Invoke to force a repaint.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Events</td>
<td>Gets the list of event handlers that are attached to this Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focused</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has input focus.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bb3f4fd8-a6e4-68aa-ebd2-3dfa20af585c.md">Font</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the font of the text Displayed by the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FontHeight</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the font of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9c696c36-12c7-2987-f9db-ea929495dfe5.md">ForeColor</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the foreground color for the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="433d12d1-c91d-884b-1043-660019a03fef.md">Format</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the format of the date and time Displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Handle</td>
<td>Gets the window handle that the control is bound to.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control contains one or more child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Height</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f0f1005f-1e40-224b-ef30-cf09824c2d5a.md">Images</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the checkbox value overrides.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeMode</td>
<td>Gets or sets the Input Method Editor (IME) mode of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ImeModeBase</td>
<td>Gets or sets the IME mode of a control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="56cac550-6506-d816-4b5f-96805e43c3ae.md">InputControlStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the input control style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeRequired</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the caller must call an invoke method when making method calls to the control because the caller is on a different thread than the one the control was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAccessible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control is visible to accessibility applications.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsAncestorSiteInDesignMode</td>
<td>Indicates if one of the Ancestors of this control is sited and that site in DesignMode. This property is read-only.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsDisposed</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has been disposed of.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsHandleCreated</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control has a handle associated with it.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsMirrored</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is mirrored.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="19e559e5-49d6-6837-1d3e-bd30310c9e4b.md">KryptonContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the KryptonContextMenu to show when right clicked.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LayoutEngine</td>
<td>Gets a cached instance of the control's layout engine.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Left</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the left edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Location</td>
<td>Gets or sets the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the control relative to the upper-left corner of its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Margin</td>
<td>Gets or sets the space between controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ef276908-9eb8-eba5-f77a-55d5ae819cef.md">MaxDate</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the maximum date and time that can be selected in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MaximumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the upper limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1dd47d7b-6776-e1b0-ec20-5589f7544d60.md">MinDate</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the minimum date and time that can be selected in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MinimumSize</td>
<td>Gets or sets the size that is the lower limit that GetPreferredSize(Size) can specify.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Name</td>
<td>Gets or sets the name of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e8e19cb-0b87-5a93-8dae-ba685ab768d3.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dd0acfd2-24e3-79cc-4d0e-393dc3db77cf.md">NeedPaintPaletteDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint palette delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="76de231e-1e7e-f794-8483-ddea441042ee.md">NeedTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if transparent paint is needed<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Padding</td>
<td>Gets or sets padding within the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e7535ad6-11ac-461e-631c-f37ef6650385.md">Palette</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the custom palette implementation.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ddab4071-d358-23cf-43c9-53742e8279e3.md">PaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the palette to be applied.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Parent</td>
<td>Gets or sets the parent container of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreferredSize</td>
<td>Gets the size of a rectangular area into which the control can fit.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductName</td>
<td>Gets the product name of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProductVersion</td>
<td>Gets the version of the assembly containing the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreatingHandle</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control is currently re-creating its handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="177219af-8f43-9c87-623d-ff4ae2155849.md">Redirector</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the palette redirector.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Region</td>
<td>Gets or sets the window region associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="81eeb3c2-d939-1525-0987-b9cd7d94af7d.md">Renderer</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the current renderer.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RenderRightToLeft</td>
<td>This property is now obsolete.<br />(Inherited from Control)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7df8649c-30d3-525c-c002-5f61b01513ba.md">RepositionEditingControlOnValueChange</a></td>
<td>Property which indicates whether the editing control needs to be repositioned when its value changes.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResizeRedraw</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control redraws itself when resized.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Right</td>
<td>Gets the distance, in pixels, between the right edge of the control and the left edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RightToLeft</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether control's elements are aligned to support locales using right-to-left fonts.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dc772495-2595-23fd-c966-1c65cb720ef1.md">RightToLeftLayout</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the format of the date and time Displayed in the control.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleChildren</td>
<td>Gets a value that determines the scaling of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4f539707-c177-21da-12a9-aba3f964a240.md">ShowCheckBox</a></td>
<td>Specifies whether to show the check box in the exception message box.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowFocusCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the control should display focus rectangles.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ShowKeyboardCues</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether the user interface is in the appropriate state to show or hide keyboard accelerators.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7aa969ab-0500-dfab-b751-426f5fc8e6d9.md">ShowUpDown</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether a spin button control (also known as an up-down control) is used to adjust the date/time value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Site</td>
<td>Gets or sets the site of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Size</td>
<td>Gets or sets the height and width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dfd0ce73-7f25-6424-48ab-f553b6487ba3.md">StateActive</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the active date time picker appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e6591118-a489-e982-9a52-4c48ec2ec70b.md">StateCommon</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the common date time picker appearance entries that other states can override.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cab4348a-2f42-b225-de00-fd182be6aca3.md">StateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the disabled date time picker appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="64413cc4-9b2b-c169-b7e8-781daaf48ae3.md">StateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the normal date time picker appearance entries.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabIndex</td>
<td>Gets or sets the tab order of the control within its container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TabStop</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can give the focus to this control using the TAB key.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Tag</td>
<td>Gets or sets the object that contains data about the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fce16dd6-dc3e-5445-4a74-935f45fa4cbe.md">ToolTipManager</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the ToolTipManager used for displaying tool tips.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7bc15b0f-7b9c-1821-d705-0229ee9c0438.md">ToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the button content.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Top</td>
<td>Gets or sets the distance, in pixels, between the top edge of the control and the top edge of its container's client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>TopLevelControl</td>
<td>Gets the parent control that is not parented by another Windows Forms control. Typically, this is the outermost Form that the control is contained in.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f51f7937-adcf-25ad-781c-3ae22623fe0d.md">TransparentParent</a></td>
<td>Gets the control reference that is the parent for transparent drawing.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="45f423c4-7699-66fb-dad5-3e8644cf383f.md">UpDownButtonStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the up and down buttons style.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0a6232c0-8803-ebd2-fbcf-eadffddaebd6.md">UseMnemonic</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether mnemonics will fire button spec buttons.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UseWaitCursor</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether to use the wait cursor for the current control and all child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f6f9fdfb-ea77-8075-8fd6-af910e8c6b91.md">Value</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the date/time value assigned to the control..<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9312585a-c3ad-8aec-0bd5-6434dc81f3c1.md">ValueNullable</a></td>
<td>Gets or sets the date/time value assigned to the control that can be null.<br />(Inherited from <a href="d5f4ef00-45c7-03b8-460f-4b57e8740f0e.md">KryptonDateTimePicker</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Visible</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the control and all its child controls are displayed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Width</td>
<td>Gets or sets the width of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="4180fc80-2554-2db5-0843-cefdbb7715a5.md">KryptonDataGridViewDateTimePickerEditingControl Class</a>  
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
