# KryptonPaletteImagesCheckBox Class


Storage for palette check box images.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonPaletteImagesCheckBox : Storage
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonPaletteImagesCheckBox
	Inherits Storage
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>  →  KryptonPaletteImagesCheckBox</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="f35d1cfb-9a5e-6bbb-8be5-6e6974fb0235.md">KryptonPaletteImagesCheckBox</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the KryptonPaletteImagesCheckBox class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="65daf76f-2e61-7649-699e-6c593de0c9f0.md">CheckedDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the image for use when the check box is checked but disabled.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="67ca518a-dde5-6b2b-76be-357357c44ca3.md">CheckedNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the image for use when the check box is checked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="799ceca6-45f4-a13e-152c-e225ebcb9bf2.md">CheckedPressed</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the image for use when the check box is checked and pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b9d8ed55-3184-9163-92f4-59a89597070d.md">CheckedTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the image for use when the check box is checked and hot tracking.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="df2016fd-b576-7aad-a12e-dbcc73eb864b.md">Common</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the common image that other check box images inherit from.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cc6b1f8d-a408-fb7e-5cac-d80faeedaf52.md">IndeterminateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the image for use when the check box is indeterminate but disabled.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1016f433-6893-a60c-f654-8917442b6e1e.md">IndeterminateNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the image for use when the check box is indeterminate.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4a62576f-68e7-4a45-cf52-7db759eba0b0.md">IndeterminatePressed</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the image for use when the check box is indeterminate and pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5f85716d-dd09-57c9-fdf6-404b0cf983e0.md">IndeterminateTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the image for use when the check box is indeterminate and hot tracking.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41c46160-59df-ae07-85e9-08b8f2131beb.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all values are default.<br />(Overrides <a href="bbc0e831-9474-3bce-65dc-0625d793d8c1.md">Storage.IsDefault</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="097a0f47-e60c-4bf7-802c-8391c6d8feff.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="879ca7f2-32c5-8581-44f2-c7aee6491db2.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="28877474-6c0f-937c-1fa0-6c8b8adb7105.md">UncheckedDisabled</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the image for use when the check box is not checked and disabled.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c9a87316-da22-4e8b-f6ba-3b64d777b6bb.md">UncheckedNormal</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the image for use when the check box is unchecked.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8d836912-3da8-7895-06e5-b05654b7b3aa.md">UncheckedPressed</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the image for use when the check box is unchecked and pressed.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b4c12f6d-54c5-6d6d-09b7-834943b56d72.md">UncheckedTracking</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the image for use when the check box is unchecked and hot tracking.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="99c54853-b211-7562-295f-da4a0ff52c06.md">PopulateFromBase</a></td>
<td>Populate values from the base palette.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="62adb799-b4dc-80ec-4514-b036c8c863fa.md">ResetCheckedDisabled</a></td>
<td>Resets the CheckedDisabled property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f05ff32e-fb44-9aab-fcba-db897e4b64bf.md">ResetCheckedNormal</a></td>
<td>Resets the CheckedNormal property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="026e42d7-a2e3-c74a-937f-4c56b044916f.md">ResetCheckedPressed</a></td>
<td>Resets the CheckedPressed property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2f5104a3-7bca-be58-5980-66afecd2f131.md">ResetCheckedTracking</a></td>
<td>Resets the CheckedTracking property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7c54d300-31c5-2e05-c503-558d9648a590.md">ResetCommon</a></td>
<td>Resets the Common property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2055fd56-7cb6-e07e-c88a-573e2ef66d4a.md">ResetIndeterminateDisabled</a></td>
<td>Resets the IndeterminateDisabled property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="13d0bbd9-d54e-763c-e640-e08dcf361d8f.md">ResetIndeterminateNormal</a></td>
<td>Resets the IndeterminateNormal property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4c9cc65f-a48a-6caa-5c2c-9288799eabcf.md">ResetIndeterminatePressed</a></td>
<td>Resets the IndeterminatePressed property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0ea47dc0-04c1-0807-d6d3-28dbbfa2c5b5.md">ResetIndeterminateTracking</a></td>
<td>Resets the IndeterminateTracking property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="11b1a314-eaa1-9b64-1e94-4998c1bc88b5.md">ResetUncheckedDisabled</a></td>
<td>Resets the UncheckedDisabled property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="17e39b4b-9b8d-edf2-528d-627bfb9761f2.md">ResetUncheckedNormal</a></td>
<td>Resets the UncheckedNormal property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="26694e84-77b5-c923-0175-f585da874b93.md">ResetUncheckedPressed</a></td>
<td>Resets the UncheckedPressed property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="85f2fd33-5ef3-411f-4ec4-38702093d6e0.md">ResetUncheckedTracking</a></td>
<td>Resets the UncheckedTracking property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="613a7dba-3724-2c53-ec86-90260fabb219.md">SetRedirector</a></td>
<td>Update the redirector with new reference.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
