# PageDragCancelEventArgs Class


Details for an cancellable event that provides pages associated with a page dragging event.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Navigator (in Krypton.Navigator.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class PageDragCancelEventArgs : CancelEventArgs
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class PageDragCancelEventArgs
	Inherits CancelEventArgs
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  EventArgs  →  CancelEventArgs  →  PageDragCancelEventArgs</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Derived</strong></td><td><a href="955ea522-71aa-b4e3-ab8a-81f11ff09113.md">Krypton.Workspace.CellDragCancelEventArgs</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="70b41b0f-cced-b8d0-2a93-0c084c705423.md">PageDragCancelEventArgs(Point, Point, Control, KryptonPage[])</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the PageDragCancelEventArgs class.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cfb29e9a-2d29-a802-900c-5b89a1be2be9.md">PageDragCancelEventArgs(Point, Point, Control, KryptonPageCollection)</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the PageDragCancelEventArgs class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td>Cancel</td>
<td>Gets or sets a value indicating whether the event should be canceled.<br />(Inherited from CancelEventArgs)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="53b9797d-17c7-07c8-0e73-4a7981808dcf.md">Control</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the control that started the drag operation.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="64fa5646-36e5-b5ba-5e85-5c71515173fc.md">ElementOffset</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the associated element offset.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f6982f67-1bfd-1ecc-a737-ee85fce497d0.md">Pages</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the collection of pages.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="769979de-0615-4caa-d19b-8cd0913c0ef8.md">ScreenPoint</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the associated screen point.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
