# KryptonPaletteButtonSpecBase Class


Base class for defining button specifications.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class KryptonPaletteButtonSpecBase : Storage, 
	IPaletteButtonSpec
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class KryptonPaletteButtonSpecBase
	Inherits Storage
	Implements IPaletteButtonSpec
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>  →  KryptonPaletteButtonSpecBase</td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Derived</strong></td><td><a href="5f3a7c38-a4fb-0fde-2e1a-92d9016bfd1b.md">Krypton.Toolkit.KryptonPaletteButtonSpecTyped</a></td></tr>
<tr><td><strong>Implements</strong></td><td><a href="67a39f59-bb36-d876-4991-a57b7e9aff33.md">IPaletteButtonSpec</a></td></tr>
</table>



## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="8f85b933-4f07-cc06-9399-7e619683b16d.md">Edge</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the header edge to display the button against.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="07eaa4fc-a57c-10e0-76db-1f586cb85d66.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all values are default.<br />(Overrides <a href="bbc0e831-9474-3bce-65dc-0625d793d8c1.md">Storage.IsDefault</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="097a0f47-e60c-4bf7-802c-8391c6d8feff.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="879ca7f2-32c5-8581-44f2-c7aee6491db2.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="eab6275f-de0b-8ae0-349e-4a6d6626e7ab.md">Orientation</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the button orientation.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bd3deb78-fff4-8972-fa0d-5dee85456d1b.md">Redirector</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the redirector.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="325e45c2-53fd-0187-d460-e6f00d3fe433.md">Style</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the button style.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="873c0360-9cb8-4c4e-66a8-2e9b5993d113.md">GetButtonSpecColorMap</a></td>
<td>Gets the color to remap from the image to the container foreground.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="251d6938-6aa6-4184-550d-fc56c9bf52e0.md">GetButtonSpecEdge</a></td>
<td>Gets the edge to position the button against.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41a6247a-7b8f-5504-acb5-b90e17618359.md">GetButtonSpecIcon</a></td>
<td>Gets the icon to display for the button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="18177445-8064-817b-5ff3-fc99b234f817.md">GetButtonSpecImage</a></td>
<td>Gets the image to display for the button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="03d4d8b5-1e65-eb74-649a-ac9e8cc50cd6.md">GetButtonSpecImageTransparentColor</a></td>
<td>Gets the image transparent color.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9af99dc8-efd0-7140-7dbd-8c05a8f4bffa.md">GetButtonSpecLocation</a></td>
<td>Get the location for the button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="20dd0bf2-131f-1090-d79c-0e352a53aa41.md">GetButtonSpecLongText</a></td>
<td>Gets the long text to display for the button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8b0ed212-7ce0-a6cc-c1f7-efa48814e3cc.md">GetButtonSpecOrientation</a></td>
<td>Gets the button orientation.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e997c9bb-864e-6b04-2b4e-2373dc8b93d0.md">GetButtonSpecShortText</a></td>
<td>Gets the short text to display for the button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3e0db2e7-a15a-95b1-1b5e-074ad1260f17.md">GetButtonSpecStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets the button style used for drawing the button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="62034a89-1520-8ffd-5d85-4aeafb5799db.md">GetButtonSpecToolTipTitle</a></td>
<td>Gets the tooltip title text to display for the button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="21b327a7-d985-a5e0-092d-ce51adc4e21f.md">OnButtonSpecChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the ButtonSpecChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fc1cbeec-94e7-bd54-3364-8b284ef8c57e.md">PopulateFromBase</a></td>
<td>Populate values from the base palette.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a28c1d4a-cb15-f8da-8d2c-6f64daadc6b3.md">ResetEdge</a></td>
<td>Resets the Edge property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="65d8865b-3445-29f2-d4a6-ef7552b4e92f.md">ResetOrientation</a></td>
<td>Resets the Orientation property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c63b4e99-09dc-211c-368f-0bd0316d1265.md">ResetStyle</a></td>
<td>Resets the Style property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="27493130-834d-b210-e883-a792f4385880.md">SetRedirector</a></td>
<td>Update the redirector with new reference.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## Events
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="84f499c3-da88-c8d0-2ef7-8508537194dc.md">ButtonSpecChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when a button spec change occurs.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
