# DataGridViewButtonSpecClickEventArgs Class


Event argument data for a data grid view buttons spec.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class DataGridViewButtonSpecClickEventArgs : EventArgs
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class DataGridViewButtonSpecClickEventArgs
	Inherits EventArgs
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  EventArgs  →  DataGridViewButtonSpecClickEventArgs</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="d79877a3-2ae0-cd4b-0484-ba67af75b65f.md">DataGridViewButtonSpecClickEventArgs</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the DataGridViewButtonSpecClickEventArgs class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="7efb7415-c6e4-fffa-9258-0ba00e417688.md">ButtonSpec</a></td>
<td>Gets a reference to the button spec that is performing the click.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="09eca4d9-45b1-81ab-e194-e26f5d3b3f12.md">Cell</a></td>
<td>Gets a reference to the cell that generated the click event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="84300cca-8f27-c02a-3a0d-d420b9db5e7b.md">Column</a></td>
<td>Gets a reference to the column associated with the button spec.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
