# NavigatorBar Class


Storage for bar related properties.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Navigator (in Krypton.Navigator.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public class NavigatorBar : Storage
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public Class NavigatorBar
	Inherits Storage
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  TypeConverter  →  ExpandableObjectConverter  →  <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>  →  <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>  →  NavigatorBar</td></tr>
</table>



## Constructors
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="40d601e2-710a-d191-a976-fcd67a56b7c3.md">NavigatorBar</a></td>
<td>Initialize a new instance of the NavigatorBar class.</td></tr>
</table>

## Properties
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="83f671b9-e89a-51f7-c552-bb6fa5a7bfba.md">BarAnimation</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets if animation should be used on the bar.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e7e6a6ce-3eba-8218-826f-4039d29dc032.md">BarFirstItemInset</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the distance to inset the first bar item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="592f1616-bb79-0b76-240d-120b74a8021f.md">BarLastItemInset</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the distance to inset the last bar item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f6de5d4b-3964-3dc3-402d-2f94c71c7862.md">BarMapExtraText</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the mapping used for the bar item description.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="309211fb-8c0c-a767-91a4-53777f9fa0e5.md">BarMapImage</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the mapping used for the bar item image.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a26793b3-cadf-070a-e34a-5b63c0561b85.md">BarMapText</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the mapping used for the bar item text.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7d7634f6-06f4-8e50-ed6c-f4d15f5d750e.md">BarMinimumHeight</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the minimum height of the bar.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="54532d0c-6e29-f086-0a7e-7b408d41189e.md">BarMultiline</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the showing of multilines of items in the bar.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="128c4c9a-ce34-87e3-94a4-5f8ac714942b.md">BarOrientation</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the orientation for positioning the bar.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2e8abbbc-188c-9c63-b4a7-643f6e18f333.md">CheckButtonStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the check button style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71a6846f-bfb6-fb58-b361-6b43ae0583a8.md">Id</a></td>
<td>Gets the unique identifier of the object.<br />(Inherited from <a href="9ef2ca3a-e03e-8927-105a-2f9a6fbdf849.md">GlobalId</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="25f00ead-4e41-c064-3779-1510c9968fb0.md">IsDefault</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating if all values are default.<br />(Overrides <a href="bbc0e831-9474-3bce-65dc-0625d793d8c1.md">Storage.IsDefault</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="992e0754-97e6-0758-f81a-a2e76e21e572.md">ItemAlignment</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the alignment of items within the bar.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b4eb82c8-818f-a7b5-7955-ba1b2b2af63c.md">ItemMaximumSize</a></td>
<td>Gets the sets the minimum size of each bar item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="0f206794-7c2e-5650-84ba-e3461cf8b957.md">ItemMinimumSize</a></td>
<td>Gets the sets the minimum size of each bar item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e89dbd63-d7e7-5ced-591b-81756a5486c3.md">ItemOrientation</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the orientation for positioning items on the bar.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="954db0f3-477f-e2db-86a8-5fa96b5b504c.md">ItemSizing</a></td>
<td>Gets the sets how to calculate the size of each bar item.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="097a0f47-e60c-4bf7-802c-8391c6d8feff.md">NeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the need paint delegate for notifying paint requests.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="879ca7f2-32c5-8581-44f2-c7aee6491db2.md">NeedPaintDelegate</a></td>
<td>Gets access to the need paint delegate.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="46e9f579-b746-27a7-2668-3620ea3e8fca.md">TabBorderStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the tab border style.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="69d592e4-b288-8489-9110-77c2f65b1875.md">TabStyle</a></td>
<td>Gets and sets the tab style.</td></tr>
</table>

## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert an object of the given type to the type of this converter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CanConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, Type)</td>
<td>Returns whether this converter can convert the object to the specified type, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to the type of this converter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFrom(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given object to the type of this converter, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given string to the type of this converter, using the invariant culture and the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the specified text to an object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertFromString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, String)</td>
<td>Converts the given text to an object, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the arguments.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertTo(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object, Type)</td>
<td>Converts the given value object to the specified type, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToInvariantString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a culture-invariant string representation, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(Object)</td>
<td>Converts the specified value to a string representation.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the given context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ConvertToString(ITypeDescriptorContext, CultureInfo, Object)</td>
<td>Converts the given value to a string representation, using the specified context and culture information.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(IDictionary)</td>
<td>Re-creates an Object given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateInstance(ITypeDescriptorContext, IDictionary)</td>
<td>Creates an instance of the type that this TypeConverter is associated with, using the specified context, given a set of property values for the object.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Allows an object to try to free resources and perform other cleanup operations before it is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertFromException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetConvertToException</td>
<td>Returns an exception to throw when a conversion cannot be performed.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to the CreateInstance(IDictionary) method to create a new value.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetCreateInstanceSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether changing a value on this object requires a call to CreateInstance(IDictionary) to create a new value, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of properties for the type of array specified by the value parameter, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetProperties(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object, Attribute[])</td>
<td>Gets a collection of properties for the type of object specified by the value parameter.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetPropertiesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Gets a value indicating whether this object supports properties using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from ExpandableObjectConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues()</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values from the default context for the data type this type converter is designed for.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValues(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns a collection of standard values for the data type this type converter is designed for when provided with a format context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive()</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesExclusive(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether the collection of standard values returned from GetStandardValues() is an exclusive list of possible values, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported()</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStandardValuesSupported(ITypeDescriptorContext)</td>
<td>Returns whether this object supports a standard set of values that can be picked from a list, using the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsValid(ITypeDescriptorContext, Object)</td>
<td>Returns whether the given value object is valid for this type and for the specified context.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="302d526d-0f27-d317-712d-92aab66d2d2e.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f8c3c184-f848-40c6-b2dc-e91f3d27a8c3.md">PerformNeedPaint()</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="63b9f5a4-a5f3-fc40-d0db-feeb82c11ac0.md">PerformNeedPaint(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6d5513a3-84f1-7f04-1368-b643d35ac62a.md">ResetBarAnimation</a></td>
<td>Resets the BarAnimation property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e9a48f2b-a25d-51a9-57f0-331120c60c6f.md">ResetBarFirstItemInset</a></td>
<td>Resets the BarFirstItemInset property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3f1fc864-53b0-88d2-b0c8-2f7194bf2847.md">ResetBarLastItemInset</a></td>
<td>Resets the BarLastItemInset property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3f2db641-a6b9-4f0e-f292-d029f73fa87b.md">ResetBarMapExtraText</a></td>
<td>Resets the BarMapExtraText property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="11dadca3-a19c-979a-17d9-85295a196ca7.md">ResetBarMapImage</a></td>
<td>Resets the BarMapImage property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3a01fbf3-a5af-86ac-4b18-1addd89e4254.md">ResetBarMapText</a></td>
<td>Resets the BarMapText property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5dddabc9-164b-548c-fa80-745489cf2123.md">ResetBarMinimumHeight</a></td>
<td>Resets the BarMinimumHeight property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6123fa7f-a1e9-8092-6f26-350f07706cab.md">ResetBarMultiline</a></td>
<td>Resets the BarMultiline property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="93e3caf9-c541-0df0-b000-d472ba0e764a.md">ResetBarOrientation</a></td>
<td>Resets the BarOrientation property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="40dbeeb2-6625-6e0c-b086-cc62757e21b0.md">ResetItemAlignment</a></td>
<td>Resets the ItemAlignment property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f79e2d06-28a8-96da-f6e0-8e37b25e1cdb.md">ResetItemMaximumSize</a></td>
<td>Reset the ItemMaximumSize to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3ea8be63-8ed5-1f82-4d82-460512be5ab4.md">ResetItemMinimumSize</a></td>
<td>Reset the ItemMinimumSize to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="77e56137-1cb2-a621-1b87-4b1be2069573.md">ResetItemOrientation</a></td>
<td>Resets the ItemOrientation property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2bb3986b-a1ab-d894-44cd-3e3f3612f1fa.md">ResetItemSizing</a></td>
<td>Reset the ItemSizing to the default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SortProperties</td>
<td>Sorts a collection of properties.<br />(Inherited from TypeConverter)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31789cc7-0872-ef6d-6baf-4c4cf2484b50.md">ToString</a></td>
<td>Returns a string that represents the current defaulted state.<br />(Inherited from <a href="8406cf55-79a3-e579-4094-be084e489431.md">Storage</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
