# KryptonMessageBoxButtons Class


Specifies constants defining which buttons to display on a KryptonMessageBox.



## Definition
**Namespace:** <a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit</a>  
**Assembly:** Krypton.Toolkit (in Krypton.Toolkit.dll) Version: 80.23.10.287+8d7660f9dc5efd033fabe008ebfb904beab6d444

**C#**
``` C#
public sealed class KryptonMessageBoxButtons : Enum
```
**VB**
``` VB
Public NotInheritable Class KryptonMessageBoxButtons
	Inherits Enum
```

<table><tr><td><strong>Inheritance</strong></td><td>Object  →  ValueType  →  Enum  →  KryptonMessageBoxButtons</td></tr>
</table>



## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>CompareTo</td>
<td>Compares this instance to a specified object and returns an indication of their relative values.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Returns a value indicating whether this instance is equal to a specified object.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Returns the hash code for the value of this instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTypeCode</td>
<td>Returns the type code of the underlying type of this enumeration member.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>HasFlag</td>
<td>Determines whether one or more bit fields are set in the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString()</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString().<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String)</td>
<td>Converts the value of this instance to its equivalent string representation using the specified format.<br />(Inherited from Enum)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString(String, IFormatProvider)</td>
<td>This method overload is obsolete; use ToString(String).<br />(Inherited from Enum)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
</table>

## Fields
<table>
<tr>
<td><a href="5f8bf1ab-53b4-a270-3266-a44fb07b4ae3.md">AbortRetryIgnore</a></td>
<td>Specifies that the message box contains Abort, Retry, and Ignore buttons.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="83ecdc5d-12ac-a58a-98af-5211ddc51d55.md">CancelTryContinue</a></td>
<td>Specifies that the message box contains Cancel, Try Again, and Continue buttons.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a63956a0-fe7a-5131-8aee-290040c44595.md">OK</a></td>
<td>Specifies that the message box contains an OK button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a1137442-3752-6be2-59d5-9912821d586d.md">OKCancel</a></td>
<td>Specifies that the message box contains OK and Cancel buttons.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="66cbaab5-bc71-c597-3225-97ddc491f806.md">RetryCancel</a></td>
<td>Specifies that the message box contains Retry and Cancel buttons.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fcaa2901-3d0f-a0d9-895e-4861280c9c8b.md">value__</a></td>
<td> </td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="153090d3-0a56-06e7-3efe-e6adb20cdb03.md">YesNo</a></td>
<td>Specifies that the message box contains Yes and No buttons.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="dc429bff-142f-42d4-0d93-30974d442f5d.md">YesNoCancel</a></td>
<td>Specifies that the message box contains Yes, No, and Cancel buttons.</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="79d2eac2-21f4-54ff-7552-b20c33c30600.md">Krypton.Toolkit Namespace</a>  
