# KryptonNavigator Methods




## Methods
<table>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyClients(AccessibleEvents, Int32)</td>
<td>Notifies the accessibility client applications of the specified AccessibleEvents for the specified child control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>AccessibilityNotifyClients(AccessibleEvents, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Notifies the accessibility client applications of the specified AccessibleEvents for the specified child control .<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f9134139-a91d-fbce-41d4-15118e3af3d2.md">BeginInit</a></td>
<td>Signals the object that initialization is starting.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3f8d5b86-928d-3774-9233-3c025f7589be.md">VisualControl</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BeginInvoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate asynchronously with the specified arguments, on the thread that the control's underlying handle was created on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>BringToFront</td>
<td>Brings the control to the front of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fc58c042-3c2d-f021-e1f5-73d489c5113d.md">CanProcessMnemonic</a></td>
<td>Gets a value indicating is processing of mnemonics should be allowed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ffbf6243-6dc5-7871-e3d8-7ffcddfdf32c.md">CheckPerformLayout</a></td>
<td>Check if the layout is dirty and if so perform the layout now.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Contains</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating whether the specified control is a child of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ed56ab8e-9bd7-6187-b49c-d54ecbf66607.md">ContextMenuClosed</a></td>
<td>Called when a context menu has just been closed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateAccessibilityInstance</td>
<td>Creates a new accessibility object for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateControl</td>
<td>Forces the creation of the visible control, including the creation of the handle and any visible child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c3ee0de0-b4cd-8b06-9037-f3aeeb4701ea.md">CreateControlsInstance</a></td>
<td>Creates a new instance of the control collection for the control.<br />(Overrides Control.CreateControlsInstance())</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateGraphics</td>
<td>Creates the Graphics for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>CreateHandle</td>
<td>Creates a handle for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8ff9ba75-cc49-b4e0-76a3-ffc2a389eca5.md">CreateRedirector</a></td>
<td>Create the redirector instance.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="905881ec-adfd-7948-eb6d-6f60a2c6086a.md">CreateToolStripRenderer</a></td>
<td>Create a tool strip renderer appropriate for the current renderer/palette pair.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">

VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DefWndProc</td>
<td>Sends the specified message to the default window procedure.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DestroyHandle</td>
<td>Destroys the handle associated with the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6af48d41-783b-389e-15fe-f9f3777fef47.md">DismissPopups</a></td>
<td>Dismiss any showing popup page.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Dispose()</td>
<td>Releases all resources used by the Component.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d33e70d9-65d3-d4b6-895b-5c1fb6281e56.md">Dispose(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Clean up any resources being used.<br />(Overrides <a href="614304a0-1119-91e1-968a-c42a8cc07310.md">VisualControlBase.Dispose(Boolean)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects)</td>
<td>Begins a drag-and-drop operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DoDragDrop(Object, DragDropEffects, Bitmap, Point, Boolean)</td>
<td>Begins a drag operation.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>DrawToBitmap</td>
<td>Supports rendering to the specified bitmap.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ba71a5ce-0bde-4517-29b1-76e9ca31688a.md">EndInit</a></td>
<td>Signals the object that initialization is complete.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3f8d5b86-928d-3774-9233-3c025f7589be.md">VisualControl</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>EndInvoke</td>
<td>Retrieves the return value of the asynchronous operation represented by the IAsyncResult passed.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Equals</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified object is equal to the current object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a493c18f-f12b-a98f-f822-27edcb84d15d.md">EvalTransparentPaint</a></td>
<td>Work out if this control needs to paint transparent areas.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Finalize</td>
<td>Releases unmanaged resources and performs other cleanup operations before the Component is reclaimed by garbage collection.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>FindForm</td>
<td>Retrieves the form that the control is on.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Focus</td>
<td>Sets input focus to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41ea8890-78fc-40e8-233e-dfef3ec45cc3.md">ForceControlLayout</a></td>
<td>Force the layout logic to size and position the panels.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4ae48011-3a45-ca60-ec5b-10120880f702.md">ForceViewLayout</a></td>
<td>Force the control to perform a krypton layout to calculate size and positioning.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="69aafc3f-5c63-997f-0e8d-e1ed797aae96.md">GenerateDragTargets(PageDragEndData)</a></td>
<td>Generate a list of drag targets that are relevant to the provided end data.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8889066d-14aa-6492-1b76-8daeb6e4dfa3.md">GenerateDragTargets(PageDragEndData, KryptonPageFlags)</a></td>
<td>Generate a list of drag targets that are relevant to the provided end data.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetAccessibilityObjectById</td>
<td>Retrieves the specified AccessibleObject.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Retrieves a value indicating how a control will behave when its AutoSize() property is enabled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetChildAtPoint(Point, GetChildAtPointSkip)</td>
<td>Retrieves the child control that is located at the specified coordinates, specifying whether to ignore child controls of a certain type.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetContainerControl</td>
<td>Returns the next ContainerControl up the control's chain of parent controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetHashCode</td>
<td>Serves as the default hash function.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetLifetimeService</td>
<td>Retrieves the current lifetime service object that controls the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetNextControl</td>
<td>Retrieves the next control forward or back in the tab order of child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cd8d7794-ce86-8846-3d04-3ac021885d23.md">GetPreferredSize</a></td>
<td>Get the preferred size of the control based on a proposed size.<br />(Inherited from <a href="04aea68c-5407-e412-8834-97d772d0b25f.md">VisualSimple</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetScaledBounds</td>
<td>Retrieves the bounds within which the control is scaled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetService</td>
<td>Returns an object that represents a service provided by the Component or by its Container.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetStyle</td>
<td>Retrieves the value of the specified control style bit for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetTopLevel</td>
<td>Determines if the control is a top-level control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>GetType</td>
<td>Gets the Type of the current instance.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Hide</td>
<td>Conceals the control from the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="38c29eb1-a06b-bf45-a86f-b64892e3e1da.md">HideAllPages()</a></td>
<td>Set the visible state of all the pages in the navigator to hidden.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="adb68c92-f7b4-e716-7056-abc50fdaaf59.md">HideAllPages(Type)</a></td>
<td>Set the visible state of all the pages in the navigator to hidden.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitializeLifetimeService</td>
<td>Obtains a lifetime service object to control the lifetime policy for this instance.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)<br /><strong>Obsolete.</strong></td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InitLayout</td>
<td>Called after the control has been added to another container.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate()</td>
<td>Invalidates the entire surface of the control and causes the control to be redrawn.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates a specific region of the control and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Rectangle, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invalidate(Region, Boolean)</td>
<td>Invalidates the specified region of the control (adds it to the control's update region, which is the area that will be repainted at the next paint operation), and causes a paint message to be sent to the control. Optionally, invalidates the child controls assigned to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Action)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate)</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(Delegate, Object[])</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate, on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle, with the specified list of arguments.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Invoke(T)(Func(T))</td>
<td>Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeGotFocus</td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4e4e64cb-cf30-e810-85d9-48111c6388c3.md">InvokeLayout</a></td>
<td>Request a layout be performed before any painting occurs.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeLostFocus</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokeOnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokePaint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>InvokePaintBackground</td>
<td>Raises the PaintBackground event for the specified control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputChar</td>
<td>Determines if a character is an input character that the control recognizes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>IsInputKey</td>
<td>Determines whether the specified key is a regular input key or a special key that requires preprocessing.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Int32)</td>
<td>Converts a Logical DPI value to its equivalent DeviceUnit DPI value.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>LogicalToDeviceUnits(Size)</td>
<td>Transforms a size from logical to device units by scaling it for the current DPI and rounding down to the nearest integer value for width and height.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="74fd6525-bfbe-3f74-849b-bd22402e3131.md">MarkLayoutDirty</a></td>
<td>Mark the layout as being dirty and needing to be performed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone()</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current Object.<br />(Inherited from Object)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>MemberwiseClone(Boolean)</td>
<td>Creates a shallow copy of the current MarshalByRefObject object.<br />(Inherited from MarshalByRefObject)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>NotifyInvalidate</td>
<td>Raises the Invalidated event with a specified region of the control to invalidate.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="2c7fb861-f280-47d9-4502-849f63aa97ea.md">OnAfterPageDrag</a></td>
<td>Raises the AfterPageDrag event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnAutoSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the AutoSizeChanged() event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBackgroundImageLayoutChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageLayoutChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4e3673a1-58f5-8cdb-56a5-be218e74109d.md">OnBeforePageDrag</a></td>
<td>Raises the BeforePageDrag event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="fee0b0e5-a1e2-7984-cf9a-056b4383a3f9.md">OnBeforePageReorder</a></td>
<td>Raises the BeforePageReorder event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a5e103ba-e1f9-e850-b22d-ed7a7d0ec35f.md">OnButtonSpecChanged</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette storage of a button spec change.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCausesValidationChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CausesValidationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnChangeUICues</td>
<td>Raises the ChangeUICues event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClick</td>
<td>Raises the Click event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnClientSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ClientSizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8da7a4b5-09a1-8023-4d79-020d71e233df.md">OnCloseAction(CloseActionEventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the CloseAction event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="41e3ca6b-0fc2-9299-3a36-4924e68724f2.md">OnCloseAction(KryptonPage)</a></td>
<td>Raises and processes the CloseAction event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3317ad27-ee88-a60e-6b3a-4fbed7ecb783.md">OnContextAction</a></td>
<td>Raises and processes the ContextAction event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnContextMenuStripChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ContextMenuStripChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnControlAdded</td>
<td>Raises the ControlAdded event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnControlRemoved</td>
<td>Raises the ControlRemoved event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCreateControl</td>
<td>Raises the CreateControl() method.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="46186143-37d8-4f9c-44eb-3ac766502852.md">OnCtrlTabStart</a></td>
<td>Raises the CtrlTabStart event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="16ccdb04-7997-4ecf-a841-a5712bf52018.md">OnCtrlTabWrap</a></td>
<td>Raises the CtrlTabWrap event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnCursorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CursorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDataContextChanged</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="59d750f2-fb70-72ea-8400-16a734fa4b0e.md">OnDeselected</a></td>
<td>Raises the Deselected event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="69e29955-320a-fc01-942c-27b23ddd837d.md">OnDeselecting</a></td>
<td>Raises the Deselecting event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="f1f8a234-eb6b-2bc5-f698-87a49ce40e38.md">OnDisplayPopupPage</a></td>
<td>Raises the DisplayPopupPage event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDockChanged</td>
<td>Raises the DockChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the DoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChangedAfterParent</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChangedAfterParent event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDpiChangedBeforeParent</td>
<td>Raises the DpiChangedBeforeParent event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragDrop</td>
<td>Raises the DragDrop event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragEnter</td>
<td>Raises the DragEnter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragLeave</td>
<td>Raises the DragLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnDragOver</td>
<td>Raises the DragOver event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="caf62a47-d222-62ac-735a-06679961e36d.md">OnEnabledChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnabledChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnEnter</td>
<td>Raises the Enter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGiveFeedback</td>
<td>Raises the GiveFeedback event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="49bcb367-aa09-f4b7-0983-0fc7a7e27188.md">OnGlobalPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when the global palette has been changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="54f03e5c-e004-00bb-4c6c-09c762540643.md">OnGotFocus(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="51a20250-ab64-877a-9e22-7e1fd4882ee7.md">OnGotFocus(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnGotFocus(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the GotFocus event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="01c734a7-a899-5bd9-1ddc-5478f8d02251.md">OnHandleCreated(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td><br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleCreated(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the HandleCreated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHandleDestroyed</td>
<td>Raises the HandleDestroyed event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnHelpRequested</td>
<td>Raises the HelpRequested event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnImeModeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ImeModeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3be5de70-820d-3ea7-4ce7-a34c96e17b3b.md">OnInitialized(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the Initialized event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ad67b526-29ab-f705-f7d9-88709c539d11.md">OnInitialized(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the Initialized event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="3f8d5b86-928d-3774-9233-3c025f7589be.md">VisualControl</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnInvalidated</td>
<td>Raises the Invalidated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0b765a9-ae10-5c47-844f-4cbd0720665e.md">OnKeyDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="562399ab-f214-22a5-ba83-51430bf4971a.md">OnKeyPress</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyPress event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="992e5695-361b-297d-c36b-f9dc612bca90.md">OnKeyUp</a></td>
<td>Raises the KeyUp event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4aff652f-4cfd-376c-926a-798543f8f83a.md">OnLayout</a></td>
<td>Raises the Layout event.<br />(Overrides <a href="6c8502cd-5367-aa6f-2498-f21022af9a9f.md">VisualControlBase.OnLayout(LayoutEventArgs)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLeave</td>
<td>Raises the Leave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLocationChanged</td>
<td>Raises the LocationChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="40a109e2-d089-f638-8ce4-614ecdd6a1ba.md">OnLostFocus(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4b7ebb36-fd2a-97ca-5698-cab87f8276d9.md">OnLostFocus(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnLostFocus(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the LostFocus event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMarginChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MarginChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseCaptureChanged</td>
<td>Raises the MouseCaptureChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseClick</td>
<td>Raises the MouseClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseDoubleClick</td>
<td>Raises the MouseDoubleClick event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7d557c4d-d4c1-ffb3-b978-1b96951b8920.md">OnMouseDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseDown event.<br />(Overrides <a href="ad475383-1b15-a673-a877-2b0e1bd04d09.md">VisualControlBase.OnMouseDown(MouseEventArgs)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ab54e6b5-6f8a-3bd9-8793-33184ba49300.md">OnMouseEnter(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td><br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseEnter(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the MouseEnter event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseHover</td>
<td>Raises the MouseHover event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ad55006a-05e8-12db-5467-77e9488f5337.md">OnMouseLeave(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseLeave(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3afd164a-6e9b-a40f-136a-e11105053ddd.md">OnMouseMove</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseMove event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="27ef0a19-e939-207f-b6bb-bda1b91100c8.md">OnMouseUp</a></td>
<td>Raises the MouseUp event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMouseWheel</td>
<td>Raises the MouseWheel event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnMove</td>
<td>Raises the Move event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8db0f6b9-c60f-f66f-f4c5-e5b45d925f00.md">OnNeedPagePaint</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette storage of a paint and optional layout required that involves the selected page.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="14bc3016-ee14-5ed5-1427-2180d240d323.md">OnNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette storage of a paint and optional layout required.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="4d5d89fc-76ab-b2cf-9ac1-efea47963184.md">OnNextAction</a></td>
<td>Raises and processes the NextAction event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnNotifyMessage</td>
<td>Notifies the control of Windows messages.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="bbb60746-b21d-5520-ad54-8e8a3a83eb5b.md">OnOutlookDropDown</a></td>
<td>Raises the OutlookDropDown event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaddingChanged</td>
<td>Raises the PaddingChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="677f2864-35ff-3877-3482-be1fe33a3207.md">OnPageDrop</a></td>
<td>Raises the PageDrop event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9101fe8a-91f2-e501-81cb-c4ee26fce530.md">OnPaint</a></td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPaintBackground</td>
<td>Paints the background of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b604be92-5703-f85a-3bfc-d726549658ac.md">OnPaletteChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the PaletteChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1f77ed8d-2c9d-15c6-02e7-38ba23468945.md">OnPaletteNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Processes a notification from palette of a paint and optional layout required.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackColorChanged event when the BackColor property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBackgroundImageChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BackgroundImageChanged event when the BackgroundImage property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentBindingContextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the BindingContextChanged event when the BindingContext property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ParentChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentCursorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the CursorChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentDataContextChanged</td>
<td><br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentEnabledChanged</td>
<td>Raises the EnabledChanged event when the Enabled property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentFontChanged</td>
<td>Raises the FontChanged event when the Font property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentForeColorChanged</td>
<td>Raises the ForeColorChanged event when the ForeColor property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentRightToLeftChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event when the RightToLeft property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnParentVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event when the Visible property value of the control's container changes.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPreviewKeyDown</td>
<td>Raises the PreviewKeyDown event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="7f1c05d9-ef62-54f5-e538-1a923562a1b5.md">OnPreviousAction</a></td>
<td>Raises and processes the PreviousAction event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="91c11691-2d9f-6ca3-9271-8331091c1164.md">OnPrimaryHeaderDoubleClicked</a></td>
<td>Raises the PrimaryHeaderDoubleClicked event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="819d67df-cc57-f809-eefe-3709ecb72386.md">OnPrimaryHeaderLeftClicked</a></td>
<td>Raises the PrimaryHeaderLeftClicked event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="71e48b43-d505-a3f9-de8c-10b6d77d8daf.md">OnPrimaryHeaderRightClicked</a></td>
<td>Raises the PrimaryHeaderRightClicked event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnPrint</td>
<td>Raises the Paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnQueryContinueDrag</td>
<td>Raises the QueryContinueDrag event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRegionChanged</td>
<td>Raises the RegionChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9ec149b4-eda5-04c0-2104-0bc072b94201.md">OnResize(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the Resize event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnResize(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the Resize event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="3d589f45-f95b-b580-5776-9f7541e4de34.md">OnRightToLeftChanged(EventArgs)</a></td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnRightToLeftChanged(EventArgs)</td>
<td>Raises the RightToLeftChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="5f6672b7-d943-6ed8-aa9c-76c81dbe2fee.md">OnSelected</a></td>
<td>Raises the Selected event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="728e0568-cac9-ee3b-8ccc-e571983be699.md">OnSelectedPageChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the SelectedPageChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="9db08685-8431-c422-c60b-37662e139713.md">OnSelecting</a></td>
<td>Raises the Selecting event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="46cac96a-13dc-4493-f9a6-89f507a3685e.md">OnShowContextMenu</a></td>
<td>Raises the ShowContextMenu event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSizeChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SizeChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnStyleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the StyleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnSystemColorsChanged</td>
<td>Raises the SystemColorsChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c1391ba9-6b0a-5fd4-3bbd-e23634f892b8.md">OnTabClicked</a></td>
<td>Raises the TabClicked event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="31602d86-d2d8-6387-c4d3-28e4793214c1.md">OnTabCountChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the TabCountChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="b314f7aa-e113-c9c8-2f3a-ce90f1ad5a43.md">OnTabDoubleClicked</a></td>
<td>Raises the TabDoubleClicked event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTabIndexChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TabIndexChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cd20dcc3-01f2-2ae0-970f-6b3d14f6ad61.md">OnTabMouseHoverEnd</a></td>
<td>Raises the TabMouseHoverEnd event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="04fb9d34-2476-c736-64f7-f5bcfa357438.md">OnTabMouseHoverStart</a></td>
<td>Raises the TabMouseHoverStart event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="acf79595-2b59-005e-ba64-bfe6fe40a8dd.md">OnTabMoved</a></td>
<td>Raises the TabMoved event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTabStopChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TabStopChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="86a8455f-1fe1-a0a7-9f68-27469df47037.md">OnTabVisibleCountChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the TabVisibleCountChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnTextChanged</td>
<td>Raises the TextChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="8976177b-201c-090f-4cef-b73e257b7c3a.md">OnUserPreferenceChanged</a></td>
<td>Occurs when a user preference has changed.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidated</td>
<td>Raises the Validated event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnValidating</td>
<td>Raises the Validating event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a6bbab3a-fff2-c1e7-38ad-a301ae305fe7.md">OnViewBuilderPropertyChanged</a></td>
<td>Raises the ViewBuilderPropertyChanged event.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>OnVisibleChanged</td>
<td>Raises the VisibleChanged event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d0e0ef6e-f676-5c19-083f-b23f175518d5.md">PageFromPoint</a></td>
<td>Gets the KryptonPage associated with the provided point. This only works if the point intercepts a page header such as a tab header or check button.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="6aceb63f-9ce6-400f-73c0-8dccd3fab465.md">PaintBackground</a></td>
<td>Perform background painting with the provided default values.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="731a9c93-af3d-6c1a-2eb7-6844b5b2ca03.md">PerformCloseAction()</a></td>
<td>Generates a CloseAction event for a Navigator.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="51e8a64a-00e6-22c4-3f49-8c36d555bec4.md">PerformCloseAction(KryptonPage)</a></td>
<td>Generates a CloseAction event for a Navigator.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c6ad0c98-7cda-eca2-a1fc-7613fe262ab9.md">PerformContextAction</a></td>
<td>Generates a ContextAction event for a Navigator.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout()</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PerformLayout(Control, String)</td>
<td>Forces the control to apply layout logic to all its child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d6b83e27-4f73-8c4b-6142-0b94955c9004.md">PerformNeedPagePaint</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event and also repaints the selected page.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="408d7ab8-85b5-a283-4721-d1229b9e1ec2.md">PerformNeedPaint</a></td>
<td>Fires the NeedPaint event.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ad144ae0-006a-a58a-4596-b6e78f2369a4.md">PerformNextAction</a></td>
<td>Generates a NextAction event for a Navigator.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="280db228-f90f-7b2e-121d-761d948ff333.md">PerformPreviousAction</a></td>
<td>Generates a PreviousAction event for a Navigator.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToClient</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified screen point into client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PointToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the location of the specified client point into screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessControlMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>PreProcessMessage</td>
<td>Preprocesses keyboard or input messages within the message loop before they are dispatched.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="61a42575-da3c-37a6-019a-5151d486d30d.md">ProcessCmdKey</a></td>
<td>Processes a command key.<br />(Overrides <a href="14536465-5748-35e6-e1e6-2278046bda62.md">VisualControlBase.ProcessCmdKey(Message, Keys)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessDialogChar</td>
<td>Processes a dialog character.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="57718276-2770-31b6-48f0-b9adb3ab9f2c.md">ProcessDialogKey</a></td>
<td>Processes a dialog key.<br />(Overrides Control.ProcessDialogKey(Keys))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyEventArgs</td>
<td>Processes a key message and generates the appropriate control events.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ProcessKeyMessage</td>
<td>Processes a keyboard message.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ecc708bd-25bc-2b25-4c90-bcd9e62b4aeb.md">ProcessKeyPreview</a></td>
<td>Previews a keyboard message.<br />(Overrides Control.ProcessKeyPreview(Message))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="69906d81-1388-79bf-c509-0c39efc554af.md">ProcessMnemonic</a></td>
<td>Processes a mnemonic character.<br />(Overrides Control.ProcessMnemonic(Char))</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseDragEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate drag event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseKeyEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate key event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaiseMouseEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate mouse event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RaisePaintEvent</td>
<td>Raises the appropriate paint event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RecreateHandle</td>
<td>Forces the re-creation of the handle for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToClient</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified screen rectangle in client coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RectangleToScreen</td>
<td>Computes the size and location of the specified client rectangle in screen coordinates.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Refresh</td>
<td>Forces the control to invalidate its client area and immediately redraw itself and any child controls.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RescaleConstantsForDpi</td>
<td>Provides constants for rescaling the control when a DPI change occurs.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResetMouseEventArgs</td>
<td>Resets the control to handle the MouseLeave event.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="754f261c-52f2-d578-d9c7-ab6fbb7a1086.md">ResetNavigatorMode</a></td>
<td>Resets the Mode property to its default value.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="1f2f1132-e2b2-96db-249e-26b3e471c6c9.md">ResetPalette</a></td>
<td>Resets the Palette property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="cfc2bdf2-2961-70c9-3ca4-9671ed4d7ead.md">ResetPaletteMode</a></td>
<td>Resets the PaletteMode property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResetText</td>
<td>Resets the Text property to its default value (Empty).<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="587b7e23-ebba-0c4c-afec-49f9b5818ec2.md">ResetToolTipValues</a></td>
<td>Resets the ToolTipValues property to its default value.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout()</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ResumeLayout(Boolean)</td>
<td>Resumes usual layout logic, optionally forcing an immediate layout of pending layout requests.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(ContentAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified ContentAlignment to the appropriate ContentAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(HorizontalAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified HorizontalAlignment to the appropriate HorizontalAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateAlignment(LeftRightAlignment)</td>
<td>Converts the specified LeftRightAlignment to the appropriate LeftRightAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateContent</td>
<td>Converts the specified ContentAlignment to the appropriate ContentAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateHorizontal</td>
<td>Converts the specified HorizontalAlignment to the appropriate HorizontalAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>RtlTranslateLeftRight</td>
<td>Converts the specified LeftRightAlignment to the appropriate LeftRightAlignment to support right-to-left text.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Scale</td>
<td>Scales the control and all child controls by the specified scaling factor.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleBitmapLogicalToDevice</td>
<td>Scales a logical bitmap value to it's equivalent device unit value when a DPI change occurs.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ScaleControl</td>
<td>Scales a control's location, size, padding and margin.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Select()</td>
<td>Activates the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Select(Boolean, Boolean)</td>
<td>Activates a child control. Optionally specifies the direction in the tab order to select the control from.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SelectNextControl</td>
<td>Activates the next control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="95823199-fed4-2e62-338b-8e512b7d2ed8.md">SelectNextPage(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Select the next page to the currently selected one.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="95945a03-6d20-aa66-542c-2333369726a9.md">SelectNextPage(KryptonPage, Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Select the next page to the one provided.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="ea82d032-4967-945d-84d4-c7e011751092.md">SelectPreviousPage(Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Select the previous page to the currently selected one.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="de32d80a-7d7d-12b0-87d4-48b45bb35bd3.md">SelectPreviousPage(KryptonPage, Boolean)</a></td>
<td>Select the previous page to the one provided.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SendToBack</td>
<td>Sends the control to the back of the z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetAutoSizeMode</td>
<td>Sets a value indicating how a control will behave when its AutoSize() property is enabled.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Sets the bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, BoundsSpecified)</td>
<td>Sets the specified bounds of the control to the specified location and size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetBoundsCore</td>
<td>Performs the work of setting the specified bounds of this control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetClientSizeCore</td>
<td>Sets the size of the client area of the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetStyle</td>
<td>Sets a specified ControlStyles flag to either true or false.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetTopLevel</td>
<td>Sets the control as the top-level control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SetVisibleCore</td>
<td>Sets the control to the specified visible state.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Show</td>
<td>Displays the control to the user.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="d4118c75-52d8-3933-6830-2be5cf775f8f.md">ShowAllPages()</a></td>
<td>Set the visible state of all the pages in the navigator to showing.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="e14a43bb-f33a-ee1a-7dcf-b84a50681957.md">ShowAllPages(Type)</a></td>
<td>Set the visible state of all the pages in the navigator to showing.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SizeFromClientSize</td>
<td>Determines the size of the entire control from the height and width of its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>SuspendLayout</td>
<td>Temporarily suspends the layout logic for the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>ToString</td>
<td>Returns a String containing the name of the Component, if any. This method should not be overridden.<br />(Inherited from Component)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Update</td>
<td>Causes the control to redraw the invalidated regions within its client area.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds()</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the current size and location.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the specified size and location.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateBounds(Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32, Int32)</td>
<td>Updates the bounds of the control with the specified size, location, and client size.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="72add32f-f35e-c511-4387-76bfb001e7b3.md">UpdateGlobalEvents</a></td>
<td>Update global event attachments.<br />(Overrides <a href="07a40314-0c37-654b-e81b-68809af7c653.md">VisualControlBase.UpdateGlobalEvents(Boolean)</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateStyles</td>
<td>Forces the assigned styles to be reapplied to the control.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>UpdateZOrder</td>
<td>Updates the control in its parent's z-order.<br />(Inherited from Control)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="c92eebae-5bbc-c727-fc44-87f0050670fa.md">ViewFromPoint</a></td>
<td>Gets the view associated with the provided client location.<br />(Inherited from <a href="692f3254-a85d-c457-f80c-15e27592145b.md">VisualControlBase</a>)</td></tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="a051884d-f8e8-b2d4-6439-0456b62d35de.md">WndProc</a></td>
<td>Process Windows-based messages.<br />(Overrides <a href="c89c6762-2360-110f-0663-c171d03d5777.md">VisualControlBase.WndProc(Message)</a>)</td></tr>
</table>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="5b32a15b-85d7-1db8-3c10-e43632f905eb.md">KryptonNavigator Class</a>  
<a href="a21ac074-d119-3dc6-bd1c-d3a12c0128bc.md">Krypton.Navigator Namespace</a>  
